Transcription Metadata
==================================================
Model: tiny
Language: en
Duration: 0.00s
Timestamp: N/A
==================================================

 Iфrio! I kil algun concerto. It's just because theamine hydrologias schöne leyran for flute marries the local seas m I had no control of the situation, so we would be like the marionitas of the universe and we are. We are absolutely free to decide how to go and how to know that. For example, I have certain elections. I choose this and if I go to go, if I go to your house, I can go to the maritalope. I can go to the point where I'm going to go. I'm going to go to this path, or for the other path. That's how interesting it is for me, the path that I told you this way. There is a traditional path that you can even see until the road. This can be done by being able to change. So, in a combination of techniques to measure how to do it, how to do it. What do we say? The psychological climate and the two things, simply this is the last one. This is two circulates. We are going to get to the point where we are going to go. That's when you don't have to change. You always go to the PC, you always go to the point, but for how you say, you have a new director in the house. So, you have to say, just the sole, the sole that the client has, how you present the world, the mind, the new director, where you mark your... where you mark the spiritual part, where you are going to go to the point, where you have to go to this life, to do a miracle. A course, a job. Yes, to do this, you have to do a course. This is a course. If you go to the point, you go to the next level. So, you have to have a potential, because you have to finish the course. And everything in the house, it means that you are at the end of the game. If you go to the end, you have to go to the end of the game. Or you will see what happens. Yes, but of course, it's totally clear. Because you have to imagine that the... I'm not going to say that, you have to go to the point. I'm going to do this course. And yes, but it really... I mean, I'm sorry because, with the head, we say, we are not going to do this course. We are going to do this course. I'm going to do this with these conditions, because this is what you need to do. And if you go to the next level, you have to go to the end of the game. In the last course, really. And that's really important. Something to summarize, more, can be seen much more in the whole first, all of those things. I mean, nothing goes wrong, but it's still happening within the game. But those things also come to an end and it's really impressive. You can do it better, better, better in the middle. So, it also tells me that many times, you feel a bit of a place, that is, a piece of water. Because in reality, where you see a good place, it's when you have a proposal. That's why it's very good, because it's a proposal. If life doesn't have a proposal, or feel something passive, even if you work more, because you like a proposal. That's what you spend in the house. You really have to look at the proposal of the thing. To say, well, I'm going to work, I mean, I have to have a... I mean, I don't care about something. I don't care about what I'm doing to my heart. And the return of the 20th, I mean, what does our salary mean? That our salary, every year, is positioned exactly in the city when we do it. And there is a new game. I want to see. We're going to the 20th of, well, now that we're working, I mean, the cards are... I want to see the data and say, how to get it. Well, I want to see that my work is very interesting, because it says that it's getting out of the house. It means that this year is going to be visible. So, before I get this under control, and now this forced out of the house. And that coincides with what we're doing. So, you don't have to feel that it's too exposed. And there is something that you just left behind, a little bit, but it's something that you're doing right now. And it's super good. Because, if you always tell me how to protect yourself from the work, when you have to go out and see people, or have to talk to people, or what they do. That's totally... It was in your normal sense, and in your natural sense. So, it's excellent, that's it. Now, it's... I want to feel safe, first to leave, but the life you're not giving us, is to leave, and then you're going to be safe. Because you're going to be oriented to work, to create this structure, and the work is just an inspiration, now it's real. It's like everything is in the cloud, and now it's starting to go down and up. And I'm looking at it, it's the fact that you work with someone. And the pathology is to protect myself, and not not, this is almost impossible. And you know what, in the work, it's to create this structure to not be in the center. Create these structures, and you say that it's the... the difference between the two in the work, is the fundamental rhythm, not the person. That's what I mean. It's a very important thing, as a relation, there's no difference from the fundamental rhythm. So, there's where... We don't try to accept, we try to... It's the best way to do it, but it's different from the rhythm. One is not a rhythm, the other is another rhythm. It's the way you're going to do it, and it's going to be like that. Because it's a nature. You'll, for example, think about images. When you say something, you'll be able to do it in your work. You'll be able to do it in your work, but you'll be able to do it in your work. And you'll have intuition, before you do it. You'll be able to do it, and then you'll be able to do it. And it's really, really important that you trust the intuition, because it's inclusive, you'll be able to explain the passage of the things, but you have to, to learn more about it, and not to lose it in the discussions. It's about the whole world. Nothing, because there's no way to finish it. If you're thinking about it, you'll be able to do it in your work, and you'll be able to finish it. For the sake of the human process, it's a pity. But it's because the nature of human is changing constantly. Humanism, I think the book was just for the word, but it's not human. Today, at the next day, it's very quickly and very quickly, and sometimes it's also human, speaking of more than what you need to press, it doesn't need that. But humanism needs to press, what it says, and there's more than anything else. It's more than a radical thing. It's a superficial and strict thing, so it's a thing that has to be created. And the other thing, the other thing, is that it's not a improvisation, it's not a improvisation in the world. Rolls, for writing, roll, for writing. For example, who decides who to listen to, who knows how to listen to the decision. The role theme is going to be important, because it's different, because it's explained in the same way, because it's going to be a conflict. Or, astrologologically, there's more intensity. It's like saying, when you say, all the time, you're going to finish this, and you're not going to finish this, but it's not that. But because the energy is more special, you're going to get the energy, and you're not going to read it. Exactly. It's like you decide to do a calorie of 40 degrees, and you're going to read it with the same amount of calories. So, you're going to get the right answer. Yes, you're going to get the right answer, but you're going to be hysterical, you're going to be tired, and you're going to get it, so you're going to see me like that. So, you're going to have a huge change, roll, for writing, and read a channel, like a single one, not read, like a girl, like a girl, not read, because a day is going to read it, but it's not because it's thought, and it's not because it's the best, not because of the fact that it's not because it's the same, it's written, not because of the real mental rhythm, it's because of the fact that there's a word you can say, what we're talking about, we're going to see it later, that's the worst. It's that, it's just, that was a good last year, but it's a bad year, which is really, that you can't remember, we were going to do a meeting, and we're going to do another meeting, between us, to define what we're going to do, and it's not because it's because it's the right way to do, and it's because it's the right way to do, and I'm going to focus on the last two classes I've been working on. For that, I was going to be a class, and I was not going to do that, and I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, maybe if you have to avoid the word, or the word, and it's the same, that's what we're talking about, and how did you put it, or someone who doesn't know, or doesn't know, or doesn't know, because it's giving you something, it's not giving you something, or something that you promised, it's because it's giving you something, it's a real story, it's certainly, so it's not, it's not, and that's not what it is, and it's not, if you don't write it, it's not true, so if you don't write it, it's not true, and what you were looking at me is that you're going to have to do it, and I'm going to say, because I was going to go to the office, but I didn't have the things I was talking about, and I thought, I thought, I didn't even write it, but what I did was, and I was going to go to the office, and I was going to go to the office, and I was going to go to the office, and I was going to go to the office, and I was going to do what I was doing, and this is Golden Rulebook, you listen to it, and another thing is to to promise you, to the things I said, to the people who are in the screen, and we can't film it, to film everything, to film it, because it's a compliment, because I don't even know what we're using, when we use this hand, it's connected to our brain, and if I film it, I'm lubricating it, I can't do it again, so, because it's a joke, but I'm going to say, it's a joke, so it's not a joke, because the rules are to be cut, because it's going to be starting with the word, You don't know Japanese, phải whirl, both the people who carry out their conversation, because it just하는 this thing, as long as they do it. And I don't have anywhere rythm, kind of Над, sorry, it's like, how does it taste different of flow rate? Because I'm concentration, otherwise things are concentration, because I would have brought other things and I would have learned from that. And I could do this and this and this and I would have brought my work on the program. My work on the things you are doing more. And there is no work for the other things and I would have to do my work. I would have taken the automatic automatic. I would have taken things like that and I would use it. Of course. But you know what you are doing, my love. It's not and this is going to be difficult because you should say that in your return. I would have to have a copy of it. That means you are going to have to be more intense but also more intuitive. That means that you have to help. And what it means is that it is not going to be in the conversation because you are going to have to talk about the conversation. I am the organizer. So I am the organizer. Because I am the organizer. If this was a company that we were family, this would be very different. So let's try to make that effort that we are family to define roles and that means respect. I want to work on this way. You seem to be a stupidity but something very important for me. So if you are not a narcissist, you do not have to give up. We are going to do it again and we will review it again. And if you are not a good person, you will also do it again. And if you are a good person, you will also do it again. If you are a good person, you will also do it again. There is a thing that I have been looking for because In your mental cart, something very interesting that you are going to have. Everything in your house, you have the part of your cart, and you have to understand, and you have to communicate the structure. You have to communicate the professional. How do you have to work on things? This is what you have to do. But it is not for others. For example, the creative ones, you have to do it. For example, I am a little disappointed. In the sense that I am a piece of art, I am not a reader. Because I have a thing to do, I am a piece of art. But that is the structure of art. Or that I do not work with something that I need. But my 30 years of work, I have been working with a teacher. I have been working with a teacher. But I am totally happy. But I am absolutely happy. And I am also happy. And I really like the experience. I have the opportunity to do it. And I really like the experience. I have the opportunity to do it. Because there are two planets on which one is one, which is the core, which is the electricity. The innovation. What do you think of this world? It is a flat. I do not know if it is because it is not a dream. We are going to do it. I do not want to do it. No, I can not do it. I am not a teacher. I am not a teacher. I leave them. So whatever happens Internationalisation Con reklamable is going to be a target. Caught in the 20th, Okay. So, if I want to make this vanish, then so the question is if you want kont dennying that you are doing treatment? Am I right? Oh, Rex. Rex! Let's drop up. If one gets shot do a third, one to threre and never can not be. Nowadays it is part of our step. Have you ever been in January分鐘? The Mayanging Academy I was one of the best colleagues in the world in restoring their craves. The day after that the next year in town And the next year 25? 25? 25? So, good. Imagine that you're the best. Oh, that's it. Me, Jorge? We're in the future. No, it's not like you're watching. You know what's the position of our identity? It's an ambition, right? You can also tell that you don't have a form in a solution. You don't have a form, I would say. Because you're the one who makes the two and the form. That's your specialty. So, really, this orientates what you can do. What you can do is to make it. What you can't do is to make it. It's inclusive. It's easier for us to not be easy to do. It's not easy for us to do it. But it's not that hard. It's a natural configuration. It's very hard to understand what you're doing. Now, the reason I'm here is to get a job. I'm not like before. I was just about a job. I want to have a career. I don't have any career. And the reason I'm doing it is to get a job. And that's how it is. That's a good idea. I'm going to tell you a solution. For example, I talk about the algorithms and the invisible patterns of the cultures. That's in a query. It's something that doesn't have and if you're a human, what you're going to do is buy the plug. And you're going to have to talk about the function. Future and knowledge that's the idea. So, I want to tell you what I'm looking for. But I'm not going to have a big word. If you don't give me a human, I have a life. That's a piece. Everything that's behind your soul, that's everything you're going to do in a query. That's all. It gives you the strength to the soul that's in the house. It's to give you a human, a life. The project would only be technically a lie. Because... It's not that you need to have some utility. That's what I want to say. I'm going to tell you. Because if this was a technical thing, I couldn't work. But I wanted to give you the information to help people. To help people, of course, they're going to pay for that. But that's what it's going to do. It's going to be a problem. It's a human being. It's what they do. They have a desire to humanity. It's a human being. Yes, but it's a human being. It's a human being. It's a human being. Why do you do this with your own? This is not the problem. You have to try to absolutely tell me what you do is to give the way. This is the way it's going to be. This is the way it's going to be. That's why you're going to be a person. There's when your soul is expressed and shines. There's when you say, this is the way it's more there when you're in a sense. It's when you say, yes, I like it. Because it's not going to happen. And I've got a point in which to be able to also give you the right to work on the lower side. You're going to have to spend one hour. And you also have to be able to to be able to do that. That's why you always have to have a level of a level of the same language. So now you're going to be able to finish this. I'm not going to say that. I'm going to start with the answer. I'm going to start with the answer. I'm going to be able to answer the answer. But I'm going to start with the next question. I'm going to start with the next question. And now I'm talking to you with a lot of things. But if everything is just a separate screen, what I wanted to say is a very positive thing. We all can beô, right away he speaks Spanish. I'm going almost everything he spoke. And I'm going to follow that note. I know the note explained the question on going and we can't go over anything. And No... Yeah, it wasn't clearer. So you know what it means toía i, I saw that I was experiencing the same problem which made my continu loud so much easier. Of course. Why? Because no one will ever trust me anymore. there could be something that looks bad and extreme What I amfa imagine is what a euer была What happens that times that the cloudic itself and above all this radioactive And it's most different And what I miss is that love is outreach What does that say? There's moreчто in with all of them and I love you, but I love you a little that way, She doesn't think this might be a shot żeby in order to close the lights trade. What do you think of that star? To bring thoughts on how?] to suit yourself may be too strong. When will make you sacrifice my life? For now it's time for the fact that I should despite everything. Yeah purposeful and job goals. In this aspect of learning this loading part has changed countries good to work, and my team has started asking me how old it is now I have done an urbanization show in these times and have been so expensive it is still so ... Isn't old everywhere anybody else is like that? exactly human what I really wanted this That's it. I'm going to do that. But I can't talk about Morky, going to be very much passion. Why? I'm going to be with you today, and I'm going to be with you. So that's it. I'm going to be going to do the only thing I can do to make a new world. I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to have a good night. No, no, no, no. I'm going to do everything, I'm going to have a good night. There's a green light on it, like I told you trainers, I'm going to get a lot of pictures of it. I like it. Nah, it goes well with enjoy. Anyways, I believe that for me, it's so soon, even though it can't be with anyone even though I couldn't do nothing and wouldn't be there. No, so if I was just not at home with feminism I don't really need to find a restaurant ever more like my maths. When you start to confuse things when we start to analyze the future with that person. There is no more difference. If I am a personal person, I am a different person. I am a personal person. But now I am not. But I am not sure if you are going to do other things. If you have to build something, where do we start to predict the future? When we are thinking that we are going to be together? Difficult moments are going to be good. That is why I am going to do everything in a certain way. I have not said that we do not know, but I do not have problems with each other. A person is going to be in 2020. That is the only way to start. There is a thing. You have a position that is called the two-way network in the 5th place. What does this mean? This is the network in the 5th place. The 5th place is the difference. It is the case of the sex. It is the case. It is not the sex, it is probably because it is the case 8. If you do not have the right of the word, but the network is connected. You are going to teach this, that when the person is connected, the person is connected. If you do not want to have a boyfriend, I want to have a boyfriend. Now you have to see, it is a emotional cost. It is a emotional cost. If you are going to be able to and tell him, it is already already. The first is now a personal identity. What does that mean? How many years have you been able to say that? I will be in the process of knowing who you are, for example, I am going to say something. Including in this stage, you are telling me that you are not having that. What style you like about the clothes? The clothes that you have been living in, what do I want? I want to go to the future. I do not know what you are saying. Exactly. I want to start thinking about choosing what we are talking about. I want to be the only one who has been to the past. For me, the most I have been to the future, I have been to the future. But with friends, I have to ask myself. Or with a couple of friends, I have to ask myself. And with my mom, I am not that good. I am not good, I am not good. I am not good, but because you are practicing, you are not that kind of feeling. But what happens? When I have said that style is inclusive and you have a very good thing. But what is not that, it is a definitive thing. When I have been to my mother for my mother, because 35 years of life I have to use my shape. I keep my mind in the rock, the rock, I say without rock, I do not want to be a black, brown, white, and suddenly, as now I have to put my eyes on my eyes and tell me that I love colors. And I have been to my style for a long time, to see with that style of office, my daughter, my style of putting colors, things that I like. And that is it. I am not that old. I always wanted to see my style, that is it. And yes, but because I do not see it, I do not have the office. But when I was 10, I put my own thing. So you are now in that process. For example, I have read you, you have said, the piece in the house, I have said a question with colors. What is the question for example, what is the thing in the accessories, that is a style that will be found. Because suddenly, with all this technological configuration, if you have a black, or a color, all the days, how do you pay you? How do your personality do not know? Do not know. So, in the experimental process, because you are in the process of the beginning of your style. And the people when one has a style, and projects through their style, even if you have to invest in a project or an image. And then you can see that person like that, because when you walk in the wall, because you already have your style, you like to see the person more, more in the middle, more in the uncomfortable. For example, the great person who is in the relationship with a friend. Of course, but because the person is very famous, he knows. And then you are in that process, this is going to be built by building, by building, by building, like life compiling, with DJs, sitting down on it all the time so I tell Mr. Tomlomer, saying that one doesn't know a relationship or a relationship as Because one will know about yourself, We have to limit it to understand. The other means there is something that tells the type if you do not know the line. Mother of God is not all the same because if you do not know that you do not understand, Yes. But for example, it is good and this is how it should be. It is inexplicable for you, the fact that people are dedicated to that. That is, it is a person who is dedicated to the voices, for example. For you, it is inexplicable because they do not have a vision like you. So that is what I say in the case 5, that is what I have to help you. But now I do not worry. For the moment, I do not worry. In the sense of it is unknown and it is unknown. Oh, sometimes I like the line. For the right. That is, then it is a word. And another thing, it is also said that the person who is going to appear can be said that it is completely of your end. So, it is good. Impossible that the talve is good. Well, you can say that there is no different person in a barber. But in this year, you can say that it is a technological turn of your study, your period. Or who has a project like you were going to read a very interesting person. But as a consequence of where you have to go and that if you go to a person within your autonomous test that you have to have a few films, that is what I say. So, but in the sense of it is unknown and I am thinking when I do not want to spend money. I do not know what is going on. So, first of all, the first thing is that I do not have a piece. And it was very what happened a video that says that I am going to concentrate on the artist that I am going to cry. I go, I go, I go, I go. Well, the guy who was going to talk to you in a few pieces. And I do it like this and I really feel very much at the moment of trauma that I know. Because I am going to say that because I am going to say that I do not have a lot of stress. But then I have to ask myself, if something that is called the entire relationship will have to be done in that case. So, that means trauma. That is why I do not bring you to get the relationship. Of course. That is why I do not think about it. We are going to talk about that. For example, that she worked all her relationships. And then the change you are not in the video. I regret before I was at the ranch when I was with the Japanese. I was interested in getting to know about it. And now, how do I tell you? When I want to go, I go to Madrid. And I regret the same thing when I tell you, I do not see the experience. Oh, I do not see the experience. I tell you. If you want me to tell you, I have understood. And more powerful. So I am going to tell you, I am going to tell you, and if you do not tell me about the experience, that is how I am doing. In the sense that you are not going to get to your right. The Church of the Church is right. As a whole. But what you do is not to be used. Simply you are going to be used to analyze. That is what we are going to do because we are going to be more familiar. I am going to analyze it more. And I want to see what I am going to do. So I will talk about it. But as a matter of fact, I am going to analyze it. Why are you thinking about this? Why are you doing this? Or I say this before, so what happens now? We change that way. That way, the thing that happens is that there is a team. Look, the group, the same thing. I remember the pathology. Yes. This year, the project is designed to be shared. It is a year to create structure, basis, professionalism. It is not a lot of work. We have to look at it here. We have to look at it in the field. Yes, there are some people who have to look at it. There are a lot of things. And there is no one to look at. So how do you do it? There are a lot of things. I don't know what happens. Polytechnical. My university is Polytechnical. The public is national. And if they were a course, they were not very much. And between that topic, the use of it for... We have to look at that. And we have to look at that course. Look at the game. And it was the first time we saw the game and the audience. And what is the audience? It was a first time we saw the audience. The audience was very good. They were very nice. Very nice. Because they have to look at it. Yes. And many people were... Well, the minimum three of them were there. And because they were very nice. They were always alone. And they didn't write. So we wanted to look at the course for a colleague. And the people who were interested in the people of the club. Who was selected by students. Which were highly difficult first? And thus, the class density So, those who assistants are CHAPTERING. And all those of who you have help medists. goes to travel in the part they prepared. And those who are from one standpoint of truth. And now you see, I am not sure if you would be sure. Yes, yes. This is not effective. In other words, we did not find any good condition. Yeah. There is no medicine. But when you are in our programs. And none of these exercises are factors... Guaranteed with national knowledge. Wrong? No? But with that, you are different. But within those topics... and he was a national president. And he could be a political representative. Exactly. He could be a political representative. I don't know what he is saying. He could be a political representative. Because it's a national representative. And what can he be? No, it's just a matter of fact. Because what we call the police. Yes, but that's it. He has his channels to be a political representative. So, what his parents have in their own account is that yes, it's a national representative. We're not going to cover what we're covering. But if a member is going to fight each other. So, that's it. I don't know if I'm going to fight each other. But nothing more for the fact that people don't know what to do. Or if it's a fight, it's not worth it. Or if it's a fight. Or if it's a fight. And the truth is, it will take you to the limit if you have to be a political representative. So, it's a lie. We're going to cover it. And a suggestion for everything you have to have. If you have space, you have to do whatever you want. Or you have a day. Because it's very active in the case. So, it means that you're going to be very emotional. And it's all going to be overworldly. So, simply for you to be oriented. It means that you're going to be very comfortable. I'm going to put it in the table. And it's going to be a psychologist. And it means that you're going to be like this. I don't know what to do. I've never talked about the last thing I've been to. I've been to Chicago. I've been to Chicago. I've been to the United States. I've been to the United States. I've been to the United States. But I don't know what happens. I don't know what happens. I don't know what happens. I don't know what problems are. I don't know what problems are. I don't know. When I was a child, I was a child. I was a child with my breakup. I knew I had to do it. And I was like, yes, I know. I was like, I can do it. I was like, what do I do? I was like, I can do it. So you put a littleza weights, I'm going to mitenism it. So, you put it on because you can use it on someone who says, he can't do this in the sentence. I also focus on them. Everyone knows it, but tell us what happens. Then time came. Either we cooperate. This time we continue moving and going, I don't know what I'm doing in the university. That's the most important thing to me. I'm going to say that. And I'm going to do a calendar. Because it's a year of construction. And I was going to build a house. I would have to start the development. I can't say, I'm going to be a parent. And I can't say, I'm going to be a parent. And I can do it. I need a calendar. And I'm going to do a calendar, but I'm going to do it all the year. And I'm going to do a calendar, which I'm going to say. I'm going to do a... I'm going to work where I can go and work. Something. This year, I didn't... I had a goal. I had a goal. I had a goal. How many times did I have to go to the morose? Exactly. Right. I mean, that's what I'm going to do. But you can go to your place or you can go to the... I mean, I have to go to the... I can say, I can't see. And when you go to the library, I don't know what that is. No. Or agristen. No, it's not me. I don't know. I don't know what that is. Oh, no. And yes. But how did you get there? Because... I was confused. I was thinking, for example. I was saying, no. I was supposed to be in the contract. I was going to say something. For example, with my bank or someone like that. Or if someone says, I like it. That's when I start going to the contract. And I also have this year. It's not... It's not going to be a contract to go to the contract. What does that mean? What does that mean? In the stomach or feeling something and you don't know anything. No. Let's have a conversation. Let's talk. The topic is sometimes a thing that you want to call. For a new... Or if I don't go to the library. And if it's your intuition, you say, this is how you speak. You don't know. It's something important. And I'm going to talk a little bit about your score. What is the difference between your parents and parents? What is the difference between your parents and your parents? No, it's not going to be a little bit of a bad thing. Or it means that... What happens is that you have to tell me what you're talking about. That you're going to be on the other side. That's going to be more intolerable in that sense. Because we already talked about this. It's simply to ask for a reason. Not all of these decisions are irrelevant. How do you feel about this? Yes. We're talking about that. It's about how you said that you were talking about the fact that you were writing a code. You didn't know that. Keep your cool. And it's a solution. And then you'll talk about it. Exactly. How do you say that you're talking about the role and not the emotion? The easiest way to do this year is if you're more complex, you'll be invisible. What do you think? It's a lot of things. And you're going to tell me that you're going to be directly on your mother. For example, when you want to be true, you're right. You're right. What is the role that you're talking about? What do you mean? The role is all over. So when you talk about it, you're going to talk about it. You're going to tell me if you're going to be there. I'm not going to touch it. I'm going to be right. And that's why it's so important. And I think I'm talking about that. And I think that's why it's important. Or how do you think you're going to be more weird. And that's why it's important. That's why it's important. It's something to tell you. And And I told myself that I am very appreciative of my car. I have to say more things with my car, that I say talking and I feel like I'm going to enjoy the things. Or suddenly I went to the bottom, I always say my subject, I always say my mother, I always say I'm going to the bottom, because I always say how it's going to be, I always say, I'm going to go to my car. And I suddenly said, speaking of this, I said, if you feel bad, I don't know, I was going to say, I was going to say, I'm going to do this, because I passed a week ago, when I was going to do it, when I was going to do it, and I was going to do it, how I was going to do it, and I started talking, and I was talking. And I could repeat, yes, I said things, but I didn't, because I did it, but I learned what happened, I talked to people who were more people and I said, I told them, I told them, that I said, I'm also good, but I'm not reading, as I was reading a report, because I was, well, in that case, I was going to lie, but I said, it's like people are dying, and it's town and maybe there's a man with male sases I could still hear such a comfort, and he objecting, many times, ... and yes, when I'm speaking, I'm not speaking. It just rightly is and, more, this year is a little less substantial to raise that performance cover, and the and the transformation of a professional with a condition, I don't know how to work with the limits. So, this is a form of professional information. It's like I was going to start in a familiar way. And I'm not trying to tell you the favor of putting a lot of problems so that you can deal with them. So, I think it's super positive if you don't look at a way. Because, look, if you look at the foot, you can see the foot, the foot is like a piece. Because, if you have specific consequences. And, really, I don't have other hand. But if you have the foot, you'll see the foot. I don't know. But if you know, for example, you'll lose the foot of the foot. So, for strategy, for example, and then, for example, So, the technical decisions have to be for the reasons of the decision of the foot. This year. Because if you don't, the foot will be the complete plan. If you take decision from the foot, the foot will be the complete plan. And, another thing, remember, the people from the foot that this year will be very active for the foot. The foot is the foot of the foot. And the second people who are in the foot, are the foot that breaks the foot. So, that's why, if you work with strategy, the intelligence, the intelligence, the intelligence, it's like a very bad time. And another thing, you say that you see, you see what you have in areas. And you see, you can't respond to areas, because the people from areas are very smart. And we will have a lot of students this year. If you are a teacher, you can go to the fire. I'm going to be a teacher, we are going to the fire. Yes, but when you go to the fire, you have to remember that a foot is like this. Yes, it's like a foot. It's like I'm going to practice for the foot, and now it's the foot. So, when you are practicing, for this year, you will be a year of a lot of construction. It's like you say, I'm confused with a word that represents, it will be presented, it will be super-pacionado, but when it starts to project, the person is, well, it's not a good thing. Look at the idea, we are going to talk about it in the media, that we are going to advance. You are going to go there, but the game is not convinced of that. Everything is going on. Everything is going on. It's a year of intense, everything is going on. It's a year of intense, attraction, a strong, beautiful, it's the thing that goes to feel everything. It's like, it's something very tough. It's all going on. This year, it's going to feel it very strong. And here we go, we are going to go a little more, more precisely, the 22nd of February, it will start as, for the end, it begins to really be the year, because it's like in March, it's like you're going to have some more like craters. More like craters, like a full-time rake. You know, you're going to have to start with the 23rd, and you're going to run, we're going to run. Exactly. There is a base on the border, and it's, you know, who can it be? Yes, but that's also a good idea. We're going to be aware of it. If you're going to come, and I'm going to come. But when you're in the road, it's, I'm going to come. Yes. So, there's a track, because you're going to be very clear. Because the body is, it's a sign, that it's a good help. It's not a sign that it's lost, but it knows clearly. Because the body has an intuition or a cross, and it's going to be with the 21st century. It's going to be the most expensive. The idea is not to be included. All the strategies are going to be done. This year, you're going to have to get your feet. Because it's going to be a big issue. You're going to have a lot of ideas if you're going to be with the adults. No. In April, for example, it's going to be a linear word. It's because you're going to have more concrete things. You have to talk about linear word. Who is going to have so much? Who is going to be able to take so much? And it's going to be like a big deal. There's going to be a lot of work. But there's going to be more of what can be done. That's when you go, when you go to the present form, in a example, that's not the most of what you can really do. In May, it's going to be a little bit critical. What's the meaning of that? There are going to be more discussions about the middle, time, control. And the reason is to talk about more of things. Or to say things that can be started. So it's going to be done with the emotional emotions. If you can talk about a linear word. No, no, no. No, no. For a linear word, we're going to have to write, write the emotional emotions, no, the part of the emotion. Pause. For a linear word. Pause. Pause. Pause. May and every one, here, you have a little complicated for me, because people start to question yourself. If you just have, you're going to have to do the climate as you can see. Now I'm going to go to the sun, the climate is going to be more emotional. In June, then between May and June, you have to have a positive energy. If you have positive energy, you have to do a little solo, or you have to create more space and silence. The suggestion is not to decide anything definitive. Observe. No, no, no. There are some injustices. In June, June, what I think is that we are in the East India, in June, it appears to be interesting or relative to a desire, a lot of fantasy, emotional, intensity, passion, can be this, can be this, but in that, in that, how to adapt to the intense. The suggestion is to enjoy and always try to do it because what you can do is to have the solo, because you really have to do it alone. What you really do is to have the solo. It's like saying, that's what I was saying in the beginning, if I talk to you, if I don't talk to you, because if it's real, it won't be real. And if it's real, it will be true. It's not what you have to say. The same thing, the most important thing is the July of August. The work, the suggestion, the suggestion for the body, also very similar to the work, the pressure for the emotional, the song, the suggestion for the emotional, the routine, the specific, the desire of the schedule, the most definitive thing about going to the July of August. It's a very definitive meaning that if things are going to go, the August of September, it's like it's not to start to film according to the agreement. In real life, it's the social responsibility, but the result of August of September, all this will be the preparation, all this time. Since the story is the beginning, because when we try to prove the case, the case is not that one will be going to the movie. The company will be able to work on the person. And then you say, what are you going to do? Yes, and it's a little bit like that. If things are going to go, the person will start to define things. Also, the relationship will not be a little intense, but the same thing, the year will be in September, the same thing. Because it's going to be the topic of the book, where the relationship is controlled, who really has to win more. And things can be solved by the same thing. It's a matter of the third person working with you, but I do everything. I'm waiting more. So sometimes, that's not enough, that's surprising. It's like an example, a matter of what you say. Things that you can tell are going down the surface, and you're not going to go out of the light, it can be solved in that same place. And the... always, for that, is to act with all transparency. From the beginning, I'm going to say, you have 40% of the time, and the other 20% of the time, you have more. From the analysis. So, we're going to put the team to have the account, from a beginning, to a 15% of the time, that's a lot of work. I don't know. For me, I'm going to be a person, because, for me, that's what I'm going to do, and that's what I'm going to do. Obviously, it's a great part of the presentation, that's what I'm going to do, that's the background of the company. And, for example, I'm going to work with the other, that has a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... but now that I've decided to do something, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, and... because... because... when... when... that's... but... but... when... when... when... and then... a lot. This... is interesting, and I... I'm going to tell you more. So... I'm going to... and this is the debate, I'm going to do something... a very good presentation, because we're going to talk about it. So... The other one that I'm going to say is to say, to be the climate for you to be prepared when you're going to do that with your colleagues and to be the host. And why? I'm going to prepare a lot of dance. I'm going to ask for... But... I'm going to do it for you to work on the work. The organization has already been working on this for a while. But you know what kind of organization is going to do? In terms of internal. So... I'm going to do something about internal. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to do something that... just... just... to prepare internal. How are you going to respond? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What is what I want? And why do I have to do this? I can't believe it. I'm going to do a lot of personal. But... That's a lot of... No, it's not going to be. For example, in the market, you have to do something that you want to do with the business. It's going to be 100,000 now. And the result is that, but it's so good. This is not going to be a lot of money. It's not what it is going to work. It's what it is to be cut into a market. If you want to earn 200, then you're going to say, you don't know how to explain it. But if a person is doing a specific job in the market, it's going to be this. That's what it's going to cover. Or it's going to be a plus because he gives a plus. No, it's the same. And for example, when I was in the middle of the month, I went to the market and I was in the market. Because I was in the market. And I studied market. I saw that there would be extra that you're doing a lot of things. You can do it in different ways. You can do it all the things. If you're a presentation, I'm going to show you that. This is all the value I got. I think I should give it more. Perfect. And then I'm going to show you. Until then, I can give it more. Perfect. I'm going to show you everything. And you're the one who's doing your responsibility. Because you can come to me. I'm going to give you all this value. And you're going to give me a good idea. I'm going to think about that. And how the G.G. is the one who's doing it. Because it's not the same. And that's the basis of everything that he did. And the other one was doing it. And it was going to be the same. And I was going to talk about the values. Now you have to know what kind of person that you're doing. He's the person. You can't come to me. Look at all what I did. And two, I was watching. And then. It's like I have to go to the market. And I'm going to see what's going on. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And that's a real $4. How much do you pay? This is a GF that looks like this. So, no one has planned to come and tell you, I have everything I need and I have my hand. Yes. So it's the difference. And because you're now going to buy that place that you had, the GF demand. No one can come. In your company, you show things you don't see what they do. And that's the reason why I have to know how to have the radio radio in every corner. I know what happened to me before, that I was going to ask for a long time. I had a lot of improvements to my house, and I was going to buy everything. Because I was going to work all the time. And I was going to work all the time. And that happened to me. My 40 hours of work is smaller. But because I didn't work all the time. Because I didn't have any plans. I was going to work all the time. I had no time to do that. That's a lot more. I also have the focus. I have the focus. I have to have different sides. But I don't know how to do that. Because I have my own eyes. No, I don't know. I know what happens here. The guy can't tell you what you have to do. That's the difference. Because the guy in front of the computer. He can create many things. But if that doesn't happen, he doesn't. But if that doesn't happen, I don't know. But if that doesn't happen, I don't know. But if that's the structure, the person who has the responsibility. And the person who has the responsibility. The same understanding. No, it's not that you have to understand. It's just what I said. That's why you have to be in the script. The roles. Which one will you tell other people to understand more easily? Because he doesn't really understand. I really have the right to do the same. And for him, the person who has the responsibility. I've never done the marketing. No more. But I know that it's very different from that. I can be fake in my case. The body for cancer. But if there's no someone who knows what and what it is, it's not going to happen. The body for cancer. So what's the most valuable? That I work in a curing cure for cancer. But I don't know why I don't have the way to get out of the house. And that work of promoting it and to get out of the house. No, it doesn't have a cost as an automation. Because it's precisely working in the computer. It has to be paid for now. But what causes the product out of the house and shows it. The value that is worth it. It's the value that you're going to do. There's a great difference. It's what happens just this year for you to do it. It's not that you have to put the value in your house. What do you want? You have to say, this is how it is. And let's go to OK. Without an exposure, you work as a job. You work as a job, even the automation is not going to be done. So how much is it? I'm going to have to get out of the house. I'm going to have to get out of the house. But if nothing is known and if it's not offered, it's not going to be. Do you understand? So it's a price for what you're going to do. And it can include if the automation is the number of the product. Because the amount of the amount. Because it's a product and there's a amount of the amount. So there's a person who goes to sell it. Because that's how it is. It's more than I've said before, I started working as a job as a job. Why did you talk to me? Because your product can be very good. But if you tell me with the knowledge, you don't have to do it. And I've taken the product and I'm talking about what I did. I'm a company of the biggest rocker. I'm not a company of the biggest rocker. But I only served when the doctor had the hand. So it's a great difference. And that's why you're going to have discussions. But I'm going to have to see how discussions are going to be. I'm not discussing it because if we're going to see how it is, then what does it mean? Okay. So that's it. And I'm not going to be a company. And when you see what's happening, or what's not going to happen, you don't have to do it. So, then the job can be very good, but if you don't do it, you don't have to do it. Nexence? Yeah. This year, the technique that you have to do, your conclusion is to be able to do a progress. That's the emotional state. So, the process of doing this work, and the good thing is that, from 2020 to 2020, you have to do it. From 2020 to 2020, from February to May, from the 2016, you have to do it. What does it mean? What happens is that you go to the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...what does it mean about being Munich? What is the value of its future? Because, for example, being a very frustrated fellow... ...is able to make sense that you work on that. Like that! Why are we, truly? I wanted to tell you what happened, because you have to tell me this, that when I was really sure, you went on heaven. and with Guilt, and y'know. You understand that? And everything and I said it. It's to tell myself... , so me one Because, for example, what is not used is to have a certain kind of personal relationship. With personal relationships, the kind of relationships that have emotions that have that are not used. But those who are going to decide about the work of all. So the normal relationship is a fact. Everyone is not the point that people are going to say this is what is going to be called cinema. So the mind of the human being is a military. And now, now, you are going to feel, now you are going to spend some construction. That is what it is going to be about. The construction construction and the construction of the external. And the good thing is that you are going to be the one who is interested in the part of your career. It is a very interesting and very constructive process. What does this mean? You are going to be a professional, to come to the cinema. When you say, what is good and what is good and what is good is that. For example, this is the teacher's teacher. That is not true. But not only does the program have a problem or does it have a problem? But the recolourism. Yes, I did not even say that. But the organization. The course of the film is not the only thing that we have. Everything we have, everything we have, I am not ready. That is true. And when you say so, there are three companies that you are going to be interested in. Now, the special thing that I am going to tell you, I ask you all of my presentations, just what I like most. And my most important thing is that I like the most. So you go to this class and that you have to accept. For example, we analyze the cold, what we do. Everything you do has to do, you have to evaluate. Yes, I have the idea to have a problem with my team and talk about how this is going to be. I have to say that it is something that I do not know. That the structure that I have made, for example, is that. Because suddenly, the whole class is going to be for me. The structure is perfect for all the virtual classes. In particular, the class is more or less known to students with a questionnaire. With a number of students who already know the subject, etc. A presentation is explained more or less to all the topics. And then you go to the practice. And you have a feedback form or something like that. For me, that is a good thing, but for a class. And they are their own class. The computer is their own screen. And we show them all my drawing. And now we go here and draw. And if we want to be seen all the parts of the class, I don't know what is creating, what is happening. That is the way I am. That is the way I am. That is the way I am. Well, okay. That is why I am going to analyze that they are a accepted that I say to myself. That I do not say anything more. We can see the work of all classes that I have more Raccions that the class speaks to people. So if you know how the class speaks to people, then if you know how the class works, what happens here is that you are trying to validate the front of them. And that is not the way. It does not have to say, if you see one is a voice, you know. You know what it works. So sometimes a repeat of the Patroné inconscientemente. The validation that you are talking about. You have to go somewhere and you have to tell the same thing. Or you have to show me, so that I feel really that it is something that something or that I am doing here. And the question is, at the same time, let's go and, as you know, the tone in the rhythm, now we are going to have a evaluation of the realized. No, no, no. And we are going to feel the same as the one that you have to continue. If you are going to be in the tone of voice, because we are going to build this next presentation. And we are going to talk to you for that introduction. We are going to do a competition of how to voice or how to voice or how to. We are going to bring the feedback first. We are going to have to find out why it is impossible to react. And what is impossible to react to the opinion? The last one is the figure from the outside. That is why we are going to analyze it later. Exactly. For the outside, the classes are going to be able to see things. Exactly. And it is what we are going to analyze. And both, before showing you how to voice, you have to see what you have before, or your voice. You are going to learn more about our learning. Exactly. You understand the strategy. So now, when you are trying to analyze it, you will see this and this and this. How do you take the point? But I am going to tell you more about it. I am not going to be able to understand another thing that I think is that. And for example, the team of courses. The lesson is to take a respect with me, and I am going to ask you to ask for the opportunity to say that you are going to talk to me about it. Because it is said today, but I am going to talk about it every day. And it is like that. What is my opinion? I am going to say that it is so much more expensive. But it is not worth it. And if I say something else, I want to also talk about it. Well, I don't know. All these courses that are here, I ask you to ask us what we have to do. And we can see, and they are uploading their culture, they publish our page, so the other page of course has it. Exactly. And what we can see with them, of course we have them. We have them. So, it is also a course that they have. So, you know. So, this is also a course that is done. So, that is done. So, you know, it is a course that is done. So, you know, you have to do it for the next few months. Well, then, there is where you have to define the rules. I am going to upload these courses, because these are going to sell this. And this is going to be like this. I will do more of the transition and I will upload them. This does not have this structure. This does not have this. This does not have this structure. So, that is why you have to be subscribed to the law. The law is. The law is. The law is. So, this was not going to be done. So, this is going to be done. So, that is the same, completely. And that is a good thing. Your courses learning. Well, like I said, the bottom work does not work. And maybe that is why you have to be more on your own. That is actually great history. But it is going to be down a bit. Going first what we plan for promoted access to the intended medical school and, so, who can see this. There is no need to get a lot of such training to be able to attend. I'm not going to say anything. A very important thing. In this life, I feel like God takes you more than what you really take. So, you're thinking that No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Everything is felt. You feel the adult of the relationship without a process. And, these things. Now, no, we don't have Pareca return. For a couple of times it's aanganjovere. It's a balance that's a little piano but it's 10, is a year of emotion which is, first of all, I mean that's a lot of fun, but I also want to learn to cut the dependence on the general. This is what I'm saying. I don't understand what I'm saying. But the dependence on the general, I'm just passing on to a person or another, because for now, the brand is very much dependent on the value of what value is. And that's why, to build a difference between the general and the general, because if the brain is brain, but if it is brain, if the brain is the brain, the brain is brain, the brain, and the brain is not a brain. Isn't it correct? When it comes to a brain, the brain is not a brain, but the brain is not a brain, the brain is not a brain, in the head. They are in the head, they are not in the head, right? Okay, yeah. In tons, intensity, for action, I'm not counting on a new one, because we are the same, that's going to be the climate of the year. But what? What is the climate of my mother? No! In the past, I was like, I was like, I was like, I'm like, what do you mean? I also have an important kick kick, which is how you have to go through through the way you're working, because you've been working a lot for a long time, because you've been working for a long time, because you've been working for a long time, so that's what you're going to apply now. You're going to apply? Yeah, I'm doing it, when I'm not doing things, because I'm doing it more, and that's what I'm going to do, because I'm working on a university now, being in the school of the year, it was a complete year, and it's going to be a long time. And you're going to do it. And if you're going to do it, you're going to be a little more. What do you think about it now? Yes, you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it. You're going to do it, because I let it go, I told you it can hurt me. I'm going to my sheikh, because I'm afraid of getting it. So happy. So that's what I'm doing, i'm going to go, outdid Yeah. and you're going to do it more? Yeah, You're going to do it more than that. Okay, I'm going to do everything, you did. Thank you. But were you going to do anything? Nope, that's it. I don't know how to click it. Impressionantes. Pesitia Cursor. But I don't know how many people have been asked about that. But in my case, in your case, it's true. Look, there's something that we have to do. We have to do something. Yes. In our case. The message is, it's something that you have to know that part of the way. No. I don't know how to do it. I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you what to do. And if you're not, I'm going to tell you that. I don't want to tell you that. I mean, I don't want to do it. No, but I know that it's not a thing. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. Look at the face. What do you mean by that? More. I don't know. And then, I'm going to tell you that I'm going to listen to call me on the list. But I don't know if it's a fake. Yes, because I'm going to ask you a lot of questions. I'm going to talk about it. I don't know if it's a fake. I'm going to ask you the person who's been asked about it. What do I have to do? I don't know if it's a fake. But I don't know if it's a fake. Add. Fanya no equival to mala person or no equival to mediocre Fanya is part of the learning a system because it has to prove the system because it has flaws, any system has flaws. So the flaws are the ones that combine the system in something better. So don't look at it, there is a way to do something like something terrible but it's more terrible the feeling that Fanya is going to fall down because it's still going to fall down. But this feeling is very strong, it's to have the fear of falling down the fear of controlling it and they are very competitive. So that's why Fanya is more terrible because of the competition. So I'm not a little more. I think it's okay. How do you resolve this year? The trends in the body that I want to say that the future is not activated or will be a new intensity of the transformation but also what happens when you go to the beginning is these fronts to a career. And there is the, the, the, the first is also a big problem. So the career is more interesting. So this year will be a super key thing for you in your world. In everything. In everything. Here we go and we say, we're going to go to the world. We're going to go to the world. No, I don't want that. The thing happens is that it's going to be more than the career to the world. It's like a preparation to reach the world. Like an article. Because the next year we will receive the results. Exactly. There it is. But what happens is that if you go to the building the decision will not be achieved. You can't do the inauguration on the ground. Really? Everything is good. It's not the same. The events. It's the plan. It's the same. It's the same. Now we're going to go to the first. Now we're going to go to the second. When we arrive at the roof, we're going to see how this building is. It says, I want you to know that when you have a first contract, write, write, send and pay. There are two things to have the roof. There is no need to go to the building. It's the same structure. But what happens is that this year is a super potenti for you. Because the four of us in our community have the same skeleton in the apartment. It's a cross where the cultural structure is called the cultural column of the apartment. And the horizontal column is like the eje that has our own name. And your eje is the cultural column is super activated. And the� is very powerful. So it's a year. I'm going to leave the house. And the house. Well, I know how to go to my house. I don't want to see anything. I don't want to see anything. What you want is like a car. It's like a car. It's like a car. What if it's a plant. If you like it, you know how it works. It's a house. It's a plant. And it's a strategy. You can see that this tree, for as long as it'll make it easier. If it starts, it will always stop. Or it won't change. And that thing� lot more similar, but the other thing you should do is work. If I not manage the tree, I won't change the video every end, but it's good. Imagine the last day never came true life ever, I didn't plan to make money, when I go back. So we're going to do that. And then we'll see how many people are going to write. What is the place where they're going to do now? What is the name of that thing? From the online meetings. And that can be taken to a dream. And I'm going to tell you this. This is the place. I'm managing the time you work on. You produce. But at some point, you're going to feel free for those who are not. For those who are not. For those who are not. For those who are not. Because they are going to see discussions. But the discussions have to be done. They have to be taken to the right. What is the place where a good and bad is to have the discussions. I know that you're going to do it. You know, I know that you're going to do it. But how do you start to be in a very impressive way. Because once I started to go to the meeting in a meeting. And my manager said to me, I'm going to tell you more about a year. And I heard it. I was going to learn a lot more. I told myself that I was in the Paba, I was going to tell you that I wanted to show my balance. I wanted to show that I wanted to bring more. But I came to visit and I was entering the board of the company. So I started to want to show what I can do. I was going to tell you that I was going to see you. In your case, you're going to see what you're going to see. Because the thought... I didn't say anything. It's no experience. No, it's easy. For a reason, but also because it's because of what you do. That's what it's going to be. But that. And the point is that everything you do is the one. It's not the only thing. It's the one that is going to be your head. That organizes you to tell him to do something. Perfectly your head is a balance. But it doesn't work if you don't do something. So your work is not possible if you don't show it. It's the balance of the company. The company exists when you know it. When you start to get a reputation. And when you have a structure and when people can say, And there is the presser. So you don't have to wait until you're talking. And you'll be saying something. Because you know how to treat your buttons. You also have to say experience. You don't just have to. You understand? We love love. So we're like we're talking. We're going to say we're going to analyze everything that we did in the university. But I'm going to try to analyze it. You're going to have to be two steps ahead of the front. But they're the excellent coach. And if you'd like to learn to do something, you'll have to learn something. Exactly. So that's when you're talking to your buttons. You're like you're teaching me. You're teaching me. You're teaching me. You're teaching me. You can tell me in the tone you want. But you're teaching me. You're learning. Oh, look at this. Because I don't know what to do. Okay. The next thing I have. Because you're also learning to do so. You're your pro. There must be a certain opportunity here. To practice, it's very exciting. But it'll be difficult. I mean where you are. First of all, you're doing three steps to do the practice. I will be taking your trouble. but I don't want to be a child. No, no. No, no. And I don't want to be a child. I don't want to be a child. I'm not going to be a child. But the child, it seems, is when this person tries to solve your processes. And we repeat the processes. And as I said, the real thing is not to end up with what is real. It's a lie. It's not that you have to solve it. For me, I've been there since I was a kid. As a child, I've never seen a child in my life. I've never seen a child in my life. Yes, I won't. I'll never see it. No, I don't want to be a child. No, I don't want to be a child. I want to be a child. That's what you have to do. You teach me. It's a new learning. And if you do a lot of learning, you learn to love me. But that's not what you want. As a teacher, I've always been my life. I've never read my books. I've never read my books. But that's what I do. That's why I've been living. And now, in this case, I don't know what I've said. Because the way people love me, they make me feel like I'm a little scared and so much. I don't have anything else. And... I don't know. I'm a teacher. I don't have any more people. I have my colleagues. My colleagues, who were the most beautiful girls, are the most beautiful girls. And they're the ones who are not living like a child. But they're like a teacher. Sometimes they're like a teacher. They're not. They're not. I don't know. I don't know. I've never read my books. And I've been reading the book. I've been reading books. I've never read my books. But I know why they're here. There. There. There. And I don't know why. I've been reading a lot of books. I've been thinking. And that's what I'm going to do. That's what I'm going to do. So... But I haven't to play a kid anymore. I just Bached you all that involved, with Henkers I've been thinking this. You see that importantepo notions, aren't they? Don't? No. I want to know who this is. And I've been on this family 9 years. My BÜNDNISSES JEMONE But a baby seems to go to the Onors to talk about everything that we're going to talk on. Okay. Thank you next. It's a fact on the end. I'm going to learn the thing that happens that life is teaching kids. That it's not people who say how bad they are. They say that they are bad. They say that they are bad because they are bad. They don't have any good friends. They have to learn. They are bad. They have to learn. What happens is that it's a good thing. It's something you have to do. But now it's going to be a real life. Now it's like everything. It's going to be a long time to repeat that you are talking to your parents. How do you say that you are in positive positive? But now it's like that if I'm not alone, I'm like that. Exactly. It's the same thing. It's your physical, the one that's going to be a natural. For physical, the most married. In the married, we see that the resolution is where everything has happened. But it's going to be a long time. It's going to be a long time. It's because of the friends who are not friends. So it's the best thing because it means that it's going to depend on that. I don't think it's the same thing. It's the same thing. I'm going to tell you something. I'm going to say a very good friend. But I'm going to call him and my friend. And that's the same thing. This is the most beautiful thing. But you know that you also have the same thing as the love. What is real is your own. You don't have to force yourself to be a friend. You have to ask yourself. No, of course. You have to be more close to yourself. You're going to be a consolida or not. You're going to be a consolida. Or not. You're going to be a consolida. The point is that you don't suffer. Of course. You know, I mean, I don't know how to say it. I don't know how to say it. You're so close to yourself. You don't have to say it. You're going to say it. You're going to say it. It's very important. You're going to say it. You're going to say it. You're going to say it. I mean, it's not exactly. It's something that happens to all of you. It's a construction for you. And as I said, as we speak, the beginning of the style. I'm going to be learning what this style is. What I really like is what I don't like. It's an important part. In my opinion, in a work-in-a-roader, all these other things are built. It's like working in a working process. In this moment. But I don't know if it's a loved one. But it is. It seems to me better than before before you put it in the room of a competition. I know that in the path they are going to see stones going to see stones going to see this or another. So, from the path I said this is a strategy to the extent that it begins to think before or the other. As for example, we were thinking that they are going to ask me to take a digital course of the scale. Sometimes, some of them are already a huge scale. At the same time, they want to give me another person and they collaborate. I know that I was thinking that this could help. It's inclusive in that plan. In the city, which is prepared to make it very desafated when it's your valuation. And this is going to be done. I'm a person when I have my own things. I know it's a work. I always think that I would listen to the language because I saw that I was going to go to the beach and I started to feel like I was going to go to the beach. I feel like I could not be able to speak well. I really think that if I have something I start to think that I would go to the beach. And I just noticed what I told myself is as if everything I was going to do is not that it's important. Because I do not think that and it's just that it's because I didn't do it to your side. Which is the structure. Obviously, that you are going to think that you are going to go to the beach and when I was not going to do it at the time. You have to help me. I was going to go to the beach and now as a rover, as part of the plan, you will see later, what is the reason? Yes, in the end, absolutely nothing. That's the same strategy in your work, with your brother. You give it to him. What is important? You have to build your own space. Because you have to build your figure. What does it exist? And look, in the computer, you can see a lot of projects. But if you don't go out, that's where you have to be clear so that you can go out. You work. So, you work to go out to the end. Always think about the space of the year. No, in what I'm saying, what is the time to go out now? The next, next, all the time. That's going to be a brutal exercise for you. And as I said, when I started to talk, everything was here. I'm going to go out now. But I think I'm not saying anything. No, I'm not saying anything. No, but that's all. I'm not saying anything. No, I'm not saying anything. No, I'm not saying anything. I'm not saying anything. I'm going to do one of the most significant years of your life. If you're going to do it, I'm going to do it. Because you have to say again, at this moment, you have to go out. What do you want to go out? I'm going to go out for 25 years. So, for what do you want to do when you go out, when you go out, you're going to go out and when you go out. I'm going to go out for 5 years. No, no, no, no. She's going to have to be done. Yes. That's good. So, it's a program for you. But what happens when you go out, when you get the 25 years done, you have to go out for everything. You're going to do it. For a moment, you're going to go out for 25 years. You're going to die. Yes, yes. Yes, yes. You're going to die. I'm going to die. I have two of them. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. Yes. And you're going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Because that's also part of the video. Because that's it. So, today it's 13 minutes later. Susan silence.ATIONS We're going to find out more about it. Yes, so, Come on. UP TO BE CONTINUED In the end. Why don't you tell them a little bit about your second cry that you're the father of the child? No. That's not me, my mom. And they're like, how can I do it? Why don't you tell me? I don't know, I don't know. I don't know, I don't know. Why don't you tell me? And I don't know what I'm talking about. It's enough. And that's the way it's done. For that, I don't understand what I want. But I don't know what I'm talking about. Because I don't know what my dad is. I've never done my first period of my career. I've been doing it for two years. I've been working on it for two years. I don't understand what happened to my dad. I've been in my passion. But I don't understand your mom so much. And for today, with a new job, you're a part of your mom's life. You're the most potent. You're a part of your father. And what you're doing is like... more potent. And I think that's the most important thing. I've been talking about my life. I know that my mom's life is much better. I think it's a lot of time. I don't want to be different. And it's also even possible to change as a nation. It's a good way. It's a good way to be a part of my career. But it's something that's going to happen in the past few years. We used to be a part of games like that, and we used to include range of retirees to up pron 갈 academia. So you put down customский inspiration in that much There's to repeat your process. And it has a process, or you have another process. That's a thing, and you have another thing. But it doesn't mean that the word is in the middle. It's simply... It's also... That's not going to go to the language. It's not going to go to the language. It's an energy that goes to the word. So it's simply repeat the process in another person. And the next one. And the next one. The first one. I don't know how long. I don't know how long. I don't know how long this will go. And I don't know how long this will go. I don't know how long this will go. I hope you'll have a nice day.