Transcription Report
======================================================================

METADATA
--------
Original File: C:\Users\kyrian\Documents\audio transcriber\2026Businessplan.m4a
Original Format: mov,mp4,m4a,3gp,3g2,mj2
Duration: 5865.64s
Processing Timestamp: 2026-02-09T10:25:55.311230

PREVIEW TRANSCRIPTION (Tiny Model)
----------------------------------
Model: tiny
Processing Time: 0.00s
Characters: 77140
Text:
 Iфrio! I kil algun concerto. It's just because theamine hydrologias schöne leyran for flute marries the local seas m I had no control of the situation, so we would be like the marionitas of the universe and we are. We are absolutely free to decide how to go and how to know that. For example, I have certain elections. I choose this and if I go to go, if I go to your house, I can go to the maritalope. I can go to the point where I'm going to go. I'm going to go to this path, or for the other path. That's how interesting it is for me, the path that I told you this way. There is a traditional path that you can even see until the road. This can be done by being able to change. So, in a combination of techniques to measure how to do it, how to do it. What do we say? The psychological climate and the two things, simply this is the last one. This is two circulates. We are going to get to the point where we are going to go. That's when you don't have to change. You always go to the PC, you always go to the point, but for how you say, you have a new director in the house. So, you have to say, just the sole, the sole that the client has, how you present the world, the mind, the new director, where you mark your... where you mark the spiritual part, where you are going to go to the point, where you have to go to this life, to do a miracle. A course, a job. Yes, to do this, you have to do a course. This is a course. If you go to the point, you go to the next level. So, you have to have a potential, because you have to finish the course. And everything in the house, it means that you are at the end of the game. If you go to the end, you have to go to the end of the game. Or you will see what happens. Yes, but of course, it's totally clear. Because you have to imagine that the... I'm not going to say that, you have to go to the point. I'm going to do this course. And yes, but it really... I mean, I'm sorry because, with the head, we say, we are not going to do this course. We are going to do this course. I'm going to do this with these conditions, because this is what you need to do. And if you go to the next level, you have to go to the end of the game. In the last course, really. And that's really important. Something to summarize, more, can be seen much more in the whole first, all of those things. I mean, nothing goes wrong, but it's still happening within the game. But those things also come to an end and it's really impressive. You can do it better, better, better in the middle. So, it also tells me that many times, you feel a bit of a place, that is, a piece of water. Because in reality, where you see a good place, it's when you have a proposal. That's why it's very good, because it's a proposal. If life doesn't have a proposal, or feel something passive, even if you work more, because you like a proposal. That's what you spend in the house. You really have to look at the proposal of the thing. To say, well, I'm going to work, I mean, I have to have a... I mean, I don't care about something. I don't care about what I'm doing to my heart. And the return of the 20th, I mean, what does our salary mean? That our salary, every year, is positioned exactly in the city when we do it. And there is a new game. I want to see. We're going to the 20th of, well, now that we're working, I mean, the cards are... I want to see the data and say, how to get it. Well, I want to see that my work is very interesting, because it says that it's getting out of the house. It means that this year is going to be visible. So, before I get this under control, and now this forced out of the house. And that coincides with what we're doing. So, you don't have to feel that it's too exposed. And there is something that you just left behind, a little bit, but it's something that you're doing right now. And it's super good. Because, if you always tell me how to protect yourself from the work, when you have to go out and see people, or have to talk to people, or what they do. That's totally... It was in your normal sense, and in your natural sense. So, it's excellent, that's it. Now, it's... I want to feel safe, first to leave, but the life you're not giving us, is to leave, and then you're going to be safe. Because you're going to be oriented to work, to create this structure, and the work is just an inspiration, now it's real. It's like everything is in the cloud, and now it's starting to go down and up. And I'm looking at it, it's the fact that you work with someone. And the pathology is to protect myself, and not not, this is almost impossible. And you know what, in the work, it's to create this structure to not be in the center. Create these structures, and you say that it's the... the difference between the two in the work, is the fundamental rhythm, not the person. That's what I mean. It's a very important thing, as a relation, there's no difference from the fundamental rhythm. So, there's where... We don't try to accept, we try to... It's the best way to do it, but it's different from the rhythm. One is not a rhythm, the other is another rhythm. It's the way you're going to do it, and it's going to be like that. Because it's a nature. You'll, for example, think about images. When you say something, you'll be able to do it in your work. You'll be able to do it in your work, but you'll be able to do it in your work. And you'll have intuition, before you do it. You'll be able to do it, and then you'll be able to do it. And it's really, really important that you trust the intuition, because it's inclusive, you'll be able to explain the passage of the things, but you have to, to learn more about it, and not to lose it in the discussions. It's about the whole world. Nothing, because there's no way to finish it. If you're thinking about it, you'll be able to do it in your work, and you'll be able to finish it. For the sake of the human process, it's a pity. But it's because the nature of human is changing constantly. Humanism, I think the book was just for the word, but it's not human. Today, at the next day, it's very quickly and very quickly, and sometimes it's also human, speaking of more than what you need to press, it doesn't need that. But humanism needs to press, what it says, and there's more than anything else. It's more than a radical thing. It's a superficial and strict thing, so it's a thing that has to be created. And the other thing, the other thing, is that it's not a improvisation, it's not a improvisation in the world. Rolls, for writing, roll, for writing. For example, who decides who to listen to, who knows how to listen to the decision. The role theme is going to be important, because it's different, because it's explained in the same way, because it's going to be a conflict. Or, astrologologically, there's more intensity. It's like saying, when you say, all the time, you're going to finish this, and you're not going to finish this, but it's not that. But because the energy is more special, you're going to get the energy, and you're not going to read it. Exactly. It's like you decide to do a calorie of 40 degrees, and you're going to read it with the same amount of calories. So, you're going to get the right answer. Yes, you're going to get the right answer, but you're going to be hysterical, you're going to be tired, and you're going to get it, so you're going to see me like that. So, you're going to have a huge change, roll, for writing, and read a channel, like a single one, not read, like a girl, like a girl, not read, because a day is going to read it, but it's not because it's thought, and it's not because it's the best, not because of the fact that it's not because it's the same, it's written, not because of the real mental rhythm, it's because of the fact that there's a word you can say, what we're talking about, we're going to see it later, that's the worst. It's that, it's just, that was a good last year, but it's a bad year, which is really, that you can't remember, we were going to do a meeting, and we're going to do another meeting, between us, to define what we're going to do, and it's not because it's because it's the right way to do, and it's because it's the right way to do, and I'm going to focus on the last two classes I've been working on. For that, I was going to be a class, and I was not going to do that, and I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, maybe if you have to avoid the word, or the word, and it's the same, that's what we're talking about, and how did you put it, or someone who doesn't know, or doesn't know, or doesn't know, because it's giving you something, it's not giving you something, or something that you promised, it's because it's giving you something, it's a real story, it's certainly, so it's not, it's not, and that's not what it is, and it's not, if you don't write it, it's not true, so if you don't write it, it's not true, and what you were looking at me is that you're going to have to do it, and I'm going to say, because I was going to go to the office, but I didn't have the things I was talking about, and I thought, I thought, I didn't even write it, but what I did was, and I was going to go to the office, and I was going to go to the office, and I was going to go to the office, and I was going to go to the office, and I was going to do what I was doing, and this is Golden Rulebook, you listen to it, and another thing is to to promise you, to the things I said, to the people who are in the screen, and we can't film it, to film everything, to film it, because it's a compliment, because I don't even know what we're using, when we use this hand, it's connected to our brain, and if I film it, I'm lubricating it, I can't do it again, so, because it's a joke, but I'm going to say, it's a joke, so it's not a joke, because the rules are to be cut, because it's going to be starting with the word, You don't know Japanese, phải whirl, both the people who carry out their conversation, because it just하는 this thing, as long as they do it. And I don't have anywhere rythm, kind of Над, sorry, it's like, how does it taste different of flow rate? Because I'm concentration, otherwise things are concentration, because I would have brought other things and I would have learned from that. And I could do this and this and this and I would have brought my work on the program. My work on the things you are doing more. And there is no work for the other things and I would have to do my work. I would have taken the automatic automatic. I would have taken things like that and I would use it. Of course. But you know what you are doing, my love. It's not and this is going to be difficult because you should say that in your return. I would have to have a copy of it. That means you are going to have to be more intense but also more intuitive. That means that you have to help. And what it means is that it is not going to be in the conversation because you are going to have to talk about the conversation. I am the organizer. So I am the organizer. Because I am the organizer. If this was a company that we were family, this would be very different. So let's try to make that effort that we are family to define roles and that means respect. I want to work on this way. You seem to be a stupidity but something very important for me. So if you are not a narcissist, you do not have to give up. We are going to do it again and we will review it again. And if you are not a good person, you will also do it again. And if you are a good person, you will also do it again. If you are a good person, you will also do it again. There is a thing that I have been looking for because In your mental cart, something very interesting that you are going to have. Everything in your house, you have the part of your cart, and you have to understand, and you have to communicate the structure. You have to communicate the professional. How do you have to work on things? This is what you have to do. But it is not for others. For example, the creative ones, you have to do it. For example, I am a little disappointed. In the sense that I am a piece of art, I am not a reader. Because I have a thing to do, I am a piece of art. But that is the structure of art. Or that I do not work with something that I need. But my 30 years of work, I have been working with a teacher. I have been working with a teacher. But I am totally happy. But I am absolutely happy. And I am also happy. And I really like the experience. I have the opportunity to do it. And I really like the experience. I have the opportunity to do it. Because there are two planets on which one is one, which is the core, which is the electricity. The innovation. What do you think of this world? It is a flat. I do not know if it is because it is not a dream. We are going to do it. I do not want to do it. No, I can not do it. I am not a teacher. I am not a teacher. I leave them. So whatever happens Internationalisation Con reklamable is going to be a target. Caught in the 20th, Okay. So, if I want to make this vanish, then so the question is if you want kont dennying that you are doing treatment? Am I right? Oh, Rex. Rex! Let's drop up. If one gets shot do a third, one to threre and never can not be. Nowadays it is part of our step. Have you ever been in January分鐘? The Mayanging Academy I was one of the best colleagues in the world in restoring their craves. The day after that the next year in town And the next year 25? 25? 25? So, good. Imagine that you're the best. Oh, that's it. Me, Jorge? We're in the future. No, it's not like you're watching. You know what's the position of our identity? It's an ambition, right? You can also tell that you don't have a form in a solution. You don't have a form, I would say. Because you're the one who makes the two and the form. That's your specialty. So, really, this orientates what you can do. What you can do is to make it. What you can't do is to make it. It's inclusive. It's easier for us to not be easy to do. It's not easy for us to do it. But it's not that hard. It's a natural configuration. It's very hard to understand what you're doing. Now, the reason I'm here is to get a job. I'm not like before. I was just about a job. I want to have a career. I don't have any career. And the reason I'm doing it is to get a job. And that's how it is. That's a good idea. I'm going to tell you a solution. For example, I talk about the algorithms and the invisible patterns of the cultures. That's in a query. It's something that doesn't have and if you're a human, what you're going to do is buy the plug. And you're going to have to talk about the function. Future and knowledge that's the idea. So, I want to tell you what I'm looking for. But I'm not going to have a big word. If you don't give me a human, I have a life. That's a piece. Everything that's behind your soul, that's everything you're going to do in a query. That's all. It gives you the strength to the soul that's in the house. It's to give you a human, a life. The project would only be technically a lie. Because... It's not that you need to have some utility. That's what I want to say. I'm going to tell you. Because if this was a technical thing, I couldn't work. But I wanted to give you the information to help people. To help people, of course, they're going to pay for that. But that's what it's going to do. It's going to be a problem. It's a human being. It's what they do. They have a desire to humanity. It's a human being. Yes, but it's a human being. It's a human being. It's a human being. Why do you do this with your own? This is not the problem. You have to try to absolutely tell me what you do is to give the way. This is the way it's going to be. This is the way it's going to be. That's why you're going to be a person. There's when your soul is expressed and shines. There's when you say, this is the way it's more there when you're in a sense. It's when you say, yes, I like it. Because it's not going to happen. And I've got a point in which to be able to also give you the right to work on the lower side. You're going to have to spend one hour. And you also have to be able to to be able to do that. That's why you always have to have a level of a level of the same language. So now you're going to be able to finish this. I'm not going to say that. I'm going to start with the answer. I'm going to start with the answer. I'm going to be able to answer the answer. But I'm going to start with the next question. I'm going to start with the next question. And now I'm talking to you with a lot of things. But if everything is just a separate screen, what I wanted to say is a very positive thing. We all can beô, right away he speaks Spanish. I'm going almost everything he spoke. And I'm going to follow that note. I know the note explained the question on going and we can't go over anything. And No... Yeah, it wasn't clearer. So you know what it means toía i, I saw that I was experiencing the same problem which made my continu loud so much easier. Of course. Why? Because no one will ever trust me anymore. there could be something that looks bad and extreme What I amfa imagine is what a euer была What happens that times that the cloudic itself and above all this radioactive And it's most different And what I miss is that love is outreach What does that say? There's moreчто in with all of them and I love you, but I love you a little that way, She doesn't think this might be a shot żeby in order to close the lights trade. What do you think of that star? To bring thoughts on how?] to suit yourself may be too strong. When will make you sacrifice my life? For now it's time for the fact that I should despite everything. Yeah purposeful and job goals. In this aspect of learning this loading part has changed countries good to work, and my team has started asking me how old it is now I have done an urbanization show in these times and have been so expensive it is still so ... Isn't old everywhere anybody else is like that? exactly human what I really wanted this That's it. I'm going to do that. But I can't talk about Morky, going to be very much passion. Why? I'm going to be with you today, and I'm going to be with you. So that's it. I'm going to be going to do the only thing I can do to make a new world. I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to have a good night. No, no, no, no. I'm going to do everything, I'm going to have a good night. There's a green light on it, like I told you trainers, I'm going to get a lot of pictures of it. I like it. Nah, it goes well with enjoy. Anyways, I believe that for me, it's so soon, even though it can't be with anyone even though I couldn't do nothing and wouldn't be there. No, so if I was just not at home with feminism I don't really need to find a restaurant ever more like my maths. When you start to confuse things when we start to analyze the future with that person. There is no more difference. If I am a personal person, I am a different person. I am a personal person. But now I am not. But I am not sure if you are going to do other things. If you have to build something, where do we start to predict the future? When we are thinking that we are going to be together? Difficult moments are going to be good. That is why I am going to do everything in a certain way. I have not said that we do not know, but I do not have problems with each other. A person is going to be in 2020. That is the only way to start. There is a thing. You have a position that is called the two-way network in the 5th place. What does this mean? This is the network in the 5th place. The 5th place is the difference. It is the case of the sex. It is the case. It is not the sex, it is probably because it is the case 8. If you do not have the right of the word, but the network is connected. You are going to teach this, that when the person is connected, the person is connected. If you do not want to have a boyfriend, I want to have a boyfriend. Now you have to see, it is a emotional cost. It is a emotional cost. If you are going to be able to and tell him, it is already already. The first is now a personal identity. What does that mean? How many years have you been able to say that? I will be in the process of knowing who you are, for example, I am going to say something. Including in this stage, you are telling me that you are not having that. What style you like about the clothes? The clothes that you have been living in, what do I want? I want to go to the future. I do not know what you are saying. Exactly. I want to start thinking about choosing what we are talking about. I want to be the only one who has been to the past. For me, the most I have been to the future, I have been to the future. But with friends, I have to ask myself. Or with a couple of friends, I have to ask myself. And with my mom, I am not that good. I am not good, I am not good. I am not good, but because you are practicing, you are not that kind of feeling. But what happens? When I have said that style is inclusive and you have a very good thing. But what is not that, it is a definitive thing. When I have been to my mother for my mother, because 35 years of life I have to use my shape. I keep my mind in the rock, the rock, I say without rock, I do not want to be a black, brown, white, and suddenly, as now I have to put my eyes on my eyes and tell me that I love colors. And I have been to my style for a long time, to see with that style of office, my daughter, my style of putting colors, things that I like. And that is it. I am not that old. I always wanted to see my style, that is it. And yes, but because I do not see it, I do not have the office. But when I was 10, I put my own thing. So you are now in that process. For example, I have read you, you have said, the piece in the house, I have said a question with colors. What is the question for example, what is the thing in the accessories, that is a style that will be found. Because suddenly, with all this technological configuration, if you have a black, or a color, all the days, how do you pay you? How do your personality do not know? Do not know. So, in the experimental process, because you are in the process of the beginning of your style. And the people when one has a style, and projects through their style, even if you have to invest in a project or an image. And then you can see that person like that, because when you walk in the wall, because you already have your style, you like to see the person more, more in the middle, more in the uncomfortable. For example, the great person who is in the relationship with a friend. Of course, but because the person is very famous, he knows. And then you are in that process, this is going to be built by building, by building, by building, like life compiling, with DJs, sitting down on it all the time so I tell Mr. Tomlomer, saying that one doesn't know a relationship or a relationship as Because one will know about yourself, We have to limit it to understand. The other means there is something that tells the type if you do not know the line. Mother of God is not all the same because if you do not know that you do not understand, Yes. But for example, it is good and this is how it should be. It is inexplicable for you, the fact that people are dedicated to that. That is, it is a person who is dedicated to the voices, for example. For you, it is inexplicable because they do not have a vision like you. So that is what I say in the case 5, that is what I have to help you. But now I do not worry. For the moment, I do not worry. In the sense of it is unknown and it is unknown. Oh, sometimes I like the line. For the right. That is, then it is a word. And another thing, it is also said that the person who is going to appear can be said that it is completely of your end. So, it is good. Impossible that the talve is good. Well, you can say that there is no different person in a barber. But in this year, you can say that it is a technological turn of your study, your period. Or who has a project like you were going to read a very interesting person. But as a consequence of where you have to go and that if you go to a person within your autonomous test that you have to have a few films, that is what I say. So, but in the sense of it is unknown and I am thinking when I do not want to spend money. I do not know what is going on. So, first of all, the first thing is that I do not have a piece. And it was very what happened a video that says that I am going to concentrate on the artist that I am going to cry. I go, I go, I go, I go. Well, the guy who was going to talk to you in a few pieces. And I do it like this and I really feel very much at the moment of trauma that I know. Because I am going to say that because I am going to say that I do not have a lot of stress. But then I have to ask myself, if something that is called the entire relationship will have to be done in that case. So, that means trauma. That is why I do not bring you to get the relationship. Of course. That is why I do not think about it. We are going to talk about that. For example, that she worked all her relationships. And then the change you are not in the video. I regret before I was at the ranch when I was with the Japanese. I was interested in getting to know about it. And now, how do I tell you? When I want to go, I go to Madrid. And I regret the same thing when I tell you, I do not see the experience. Oh, I do not see the experience. I tell you. If you want me to tell you, I have understood. And more powerful. So I am going to tell you, I am going to tell you, and if you do not tell me about the experience, that is how I am doing. In the sense that you are not going to get to your right. The Church of the Church is right. As a whole. But what you do is not to be used. Simply you are going to be used to analyze. That is what we are going to do because we are going to be more familiar. I am going to analyze it more. And I want to see what I am going to do. So I will talk about it. But as a matter of fact, I am going to analyze it. Why are you thinking about this? Why are you doing this? Or I say this before, so what happens now? We change that way. That way, the thing that happens is that there is a team. Look, the group, the same thing. I remember the pathology. Yes. This year, the project is designed to be shared. It is a year to create structure, basis, professionalism. It is not a lot of work. We have to look at it here. We have to look at it in the field. Yes, there are some people who have to look at it. There are a lot of things. And there is no one to look at. So how do you do it? There are a lot of things. I don't know what happens. Polytechnical. My university is Polytechnical. The public is national. And if they were a course, they were not very much. And between that topic, the use of it for... We have to look at that. And we have to look at that course. Look at the game. And it was the first time we saw the game and the audience. And what is the audience? It was a first time we saw the audience. The audience was very good. They were very nice. Very nice. Because they have to look at it. Yes. And many people were... Well, the minimum three of them were there. And because they were very nice. They were always alone. And they didn't write. So we wanted to look at the course for a colleague. And the people who were interested in the people of the club. Who was selected by students. Which were highly difficult first? And thus, the class density So, those who assistants are CHAPTERING. And all those of who you have help medists. goes to travel in the part they prepared. And those who are from one standpoint of truth. And now you see, I am not sure if you would be sure. Yes, yes. This is not effective. In other words, we did not find any good condition. Yeah. There is no medicine. But when you are in our programs. And none of these exercises are factors... Guaranteed with national knowledge. Wrong? No? But with that, you are different. But within those topics... and he was a national president. And he could be a political representative. Exactly. He could be a political representative. I don't know what he is saying. He could be a political representative. Because it's a national representative. And what can he be? No, it's just a matter of fact. Because what we call the police. Yes, but that's it. He has his channels to be a political representative. So, what his parents have in their own account is that yes, it's a national representative. We're not going to cover what we're covering. But if a member is going to fight each other. So, that's it. I don't know if I'm going to fight each other. But nothing more for the fact that people don't know what to do. Or if it's a fight, it's not worth it. Or if it's a fight. Or if it's a fight. And the truth is, it will take you to the limit if you have to be a political representative. So, it's a lie. We're going to cover it. And a suggestion for everything you have to have. If you have space, you have to do whatever you want. Or you have a day. Because it's very active in the case. So, it means that you're going to be very emotional. And it's all going to be overworldly. So, simply for you to be oriented. It means that you're going to be very comfortable. I'm going to put it in the table. And it's going to be a psychologist. And it means that you're going to be like this. I don't know what to do. I've never talked about the last thing I've been to. I've been to Chicago. I've been to Chicago. I've been to the United States. I've been to the United States. I've been to the United States. But I don't know what happens. I don't know what happens. I don't know what happens. I don't know what problems are. I don't know what problems are. I don't know. When I was a child, I was a child. I was a child with my breakup. I knew I had to do it. And I was like, yes, I know. I was like, I can do it. I was like, what do I do? I was like, I can do it. So you put a littleza weights, I'm going to mitenism it. So, you put it on because you can use it on someone who says, he can't do this in the sentence. I also focus on them. Everyone knows it, but tell us what happens. Then time came. Either we cooperate. This time we continue moving and going, I don't know what I'm doing in the university. That's the most important thing to me. I'm going to say that. And I'm going to do a calendar. Because it's a year of construction. And I was going to build a house. I would have to start the development. I can't say, I'm going to be a parent. And I can't say, I'm going to be a parent. And I can do it. I need a calendar. And I'm going to do a calendar, but I'm going to do it all the year. And I'm going to do a calendar, which I'm going to say. I'm going to do a... I'm going to work where I can go and work. Something. This year, I didn't... I had a goal. I had a goal. I had a goal. How many times did I have to go to the morose? Exactly. Right. I mean, that's what I'm going to do. But you can go to your place or you can go to the... I mean, I have to go to the... I can say, I can't see. And when you go to the library, I don't know what that is. No. Or agristen. No, it's not me. I don't know. I don't know what that is. Oh, no. And yes. But how did you get there? Because... I was confused. I was thinking, for example. I was saying, no. I was supposed to be in the contract. I was going to say something. For example, with my bank or someone like that. Or if someone says, I like it. That's when I start going to the contract. And I also have this year. It's not... It's not going to be a contract to go to the contract. What does that mean? What does that mean? In the stomach or feeling something and you don't know anything. No. Let's have a conversation. Let's talk. The topic is sometimes a thing that you want to call. For a new... Or if I don't go to the library. And if it's your intuition, you say, this is how you speak. You don't know. It's something important. And I'm going to talk a little bit about your score. What is the difference between your parents and parents? What is the difference between your parents and your parents? No, it's not going to be a little bit of a bad thing. Or it means that... What happens is that you have to tell me what you're talking about. That you're going to be on the other side. That's going to be more intolerable in that sense. Because we already talked about this. It's simply to ask for a reason. Not all of these decisions are irrelevant. How do you feel about this? Yes. We're talking about that. It's about how you said that you were talking about the fact that you were writing a code. You didn't know that. Keep your cool. And it's a solution. And then you'll talk about it. Exactly. How do you say that you're talking about the role and not the emotion? The easiest way to do this year is if you're more complex, you'll be invisible. What do you think? It's a lot of things. And you're going to tell me that you're going to be directly on your mother. For example, when you want to be true, you're right. You're right. What is the role that you're talking about? What do you mean? The role is all over. So when you talk about it, you're going to talk about it. You're going to tell me if you're going to be there. I'm not going to touch it. I'm going to be right. And that's why it's so important. And I think I'm talking about that. And I think that's why it's important. Or how do you think you're going to be more weird. And that's why it's important. That's why it's important. It's something to tell you. And And I told myself that I am very appreciative of my car. I have to say more things with my car, that I say talking and I feel like I'm going to enjoy the things. Or suddenly I went to the bottom, I always say my subject, I always say my mother, I always say I'm going to the bottom, because I always say how it's going to be, I always say, I'm going to go to my car. And I suddenly said, speaking of this, I said, if you feel bad, I don't know, I was going to say, I was going to say, I'm going to do this, because I passed a week ago, when I was going to do it, when I was going to do it, and I was going to do it, how I was going to do it, and I started talking, and I was talking. And I could repeat, yes, I said things, but I didn't, because I did it, but I learned what happened, I talked to people who were more people and I said, I told them, I told them, that I said, I'm also good, but I'm not reading, as I was reading a report, because I was, well, in that case, I was going to lie, but I said, it's like people are dying, and it's town and maybe there's a man with male sases I could still hear such a comfort, and he objecting, many times, ... and yes, when I'm speaking, I'm not speaking. It just rightly is and, more, this year is a little less substantial to raise that performance cover, and the and the transformation of a professional with a condition, I don't know how to work with the limits. So, this is a form of professional information. It's like I was going to start in a familiar way. And I'm not trying to tell you the favor of putting a lot of problems so that you can deal with them. So, I think it's super positive if you don't look at a way. Because, look, if you look at the foot, you can see the foot, the foot is like a piece. Because, if you have specific consequences. And, really, I don't have other hand. But if you have the foot, you'll see the foot. I don't know. But if you know, for example, you'll lose the foot of the foot. So, for strategy, for example, and then, for example, So, the technical decisions have to be for the reasons of the decision of the foot. This year. Because if you don't, the foot will be the complete plan. If you take decision from the foot, the foot will be the complete plan. And, another thing, remember, the people from the foot that this year will be very active for the foot. The foot is the foot of the foot. And the second people who are in the foot, are the foot that breaks the foot. So, that's why, if you work with strategy, the intelligence, the intelligence, the intelligence, it's like a very bad time. And another thing, you say that you see, you see what you have in areas. And you see, you can't respond to areas, because the people from areas are very smart. And we will have a lot of students this year. If you are a teacher, you can go to the fire. I'm going to be a teacher, we are going to the fire. Yes, but when you go to the fire, you have to remember that a foot is like this. Yes, it's like a foot. It's like I'm going to practice for the foot, and now it's the foot. So, when you are practicing, for this year, you will be a year of a lot of construction. It's like you say, I'm confused with a word that represents, it will be presented, it will be super-pacionado, but when it starts to project, the person is, well, it's not a good thing. Look at the idea, we are going to talk about it in the media, that we are going to advance. You are going to go there, but the game is not convinced of that. Everything is going on. Everything is going on. It's a year of intense, everything is going on. It's a year of intense, attraction, a strong, beautiful, it's the thing that goes to feel everything. It's like, it's something very tough. It's all going on. This year, it's going to feel it very strong. And here we go, we are going to go a little more, more precisely, the 22nd of February, it will start as, for the end, it begins to really be the year, because it's like in March, it's like you're going to have some more like craters. More like craters, like a full-time rake. You know, you're going to have to start with the 23rd, and you're going to run, we're going to run. Exactly. There is a base on the border, and it's, you know, who can it be? Yes, but that's also a good idea. We're going to be aware of it. If you're going to come, and I'm going to come. But when you're in the road, it's, I'm going to come. Yes. So, there's a track, because you're going to be very clear. Because the body is, it's a sign, that it's a good help. It's not a sign that it's lost, but it knows clearly. Because the body has an intuition or a cross, and it's going to be with the 21st century. It's going to be the most expensive. The idea is not to be included. All the strategies are going to be done. This year, you're going to have to get your feet. Because it's going to be a big issue. You're going to have a lot of ideas if you're going to be with the adults. No. In April, for example, it's going to be a linear word. It's because you're going to have more concrete things. You have to talk about linear word. Who is going to have so much? Who is going to be able to take so much? And it's going to be like a big deal. There's going to be a lot of work. But there's going to be more of what can be done. That's when you go, when you go to the present form, in a example, that's not the most of what you can really do. In May, it's going to be a little bit critical. What's the meaning of that? There are going to be more discussions about the middle, time, control. And the reason is to talk about more of things. Or to say things that can be started. So it's going to be done with the emotional emotions. If you can talk about a linear word. No, no, no. No, no. For a linear word, we're going to have to write, write the emotional emotions, no, the part of the emotion. Pause. For a linear word. Pause. Pause. Pause. May and every one, here, you have a little complicated for me, because people start to question yourself. If you just have, you're going to have to do the climate as you can see. Now I'm going to go to the sun, the climate is going to be more emotional. In June, then between May and June, you have to have a positive energy. If you have positive energy, you have to do a little solo, or you have to create more space and silence. The suggestion is not to decide anything definitive. Observe. No, no, no. There are some injustices. In June, June, what I think is that we are in the East India, in June, it appears to be interesting or relative to a desire, a lot of fantasy, emotional, intensity, passion, can be this, can be this, but in that, in that, how to adapt to the intense. The suggestion is to enjoy and always try to do it because what you can do is to have the solo, because you really have to do it alone. What you really do is to have the solo. It's like saying, that's what I was saying in the beginning, if I talk to you, if I don't talk to you, because if it's real, it won't be real. And if it's real, it will be true. It's not what you have to say. The same thing, the most important thing is the July of August. The work, the suggestion, the suggestion for the body, also very similar to the work, the pressure for the emotional, the song, the suggestion for the emotional, the routine, the specific, the desire of the schedule, the most definitive thing about going to the July of August. It's a very definitive meaning that if things are going to go, the August of September, it's like it's not to start to film according to the agreement. In real life, it's the social responsibility, but the result of August of September, all this will be the preparation, all this time. Since the story is the beginning, because when we try to prove the case, the case is not that one will be going to the movie. The company will be able to work on the person. And then you say, what are you going to do? Yes, and it's a little bit like that. If things are going to go, the person will start to define things. Also, the relationship will not be a little intense, but the same thing, the year will be in September, the same thing. Because it's going to be the topic of the book, where the relationship is controlled, who really has to win more. And things can be solved by the same thing. It's a matter of the third person working with you, but I do everything. I'm waiting more. So sometimes, that's not enough, that's surprising. It's like an example, a matter of what you say. Things that you can tell are going down the surface, and you're not going to go out of the light, it can be solved in that same place. And the... always, for that, is to act with all transparency. From the beginning, I'm going to say, you have 40% of the time, and the other 20% of the time, you have more. From the analysis. So, we're going to put the team to have the account, from a beginning, to a 15% of the time, that's a lot of work. I don't know. For me, I'm going to be a person, because, for me, that's what I'm going to do, and that's what I'm going to do. Obviously, it's a great part of the presentation, that's what I'm going to do, that's the background of the company. And, for example, I'm going to work with the other, that has a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... but now that I've decided to do something, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, and... because... because... when... when... that's... but... but... when... when... when... and then... a lot. This... is interesting, and I... I'm going to tell you more. So... I'm going to... and this is the debate, I'm going to do something... a very good presentation, because we're going to talk about it. So... The other one that I'm going to say is to say, to be the climate for you to be prepared when you're going to do that with your colleagues and to be the host. And why? I'm going to prepare a lot of dance. I'm going to ask for... But... I'm going to do it for you to work on the work. The organization has already been working on this for a while. But you know what kind of organization is going to do? In terms of internal. So... I'm going to do something about internal. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to do something that... just... just... to prepare internal. How are you going to respond? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? What is what I want? And why do I have to do this? I can't believe it. I'm going to do a lot of personal. But... That's a lot of... No, it's not going to be. For example, in the market, you have to do something that you want to do with the business. It's going to be 100,000 now. And the result is that, but it's so good. This is not going to be a lot of money. It's not what it is going to work. It's what it is to be cut into a market. If you want to earn 200, then you're going to say, you don't know how to explain it. But if a person is doing a specific job in the market, it's going to be this. That's what it's going to cover. Or it's going to be a plus because he gives a plus. No, it's the same. And for example, when I was in the middle of the month, I went to the market and I was in the market. Because I was in the market. And I studied market. I saw that there would be extra that you're doing a lot of things. You can do it in different ways. You can do it all the things. If you're a presentation, I'm going to show you that. This is all the value I got. I think I should give it more. Perfect. And then I'm going to show you. Until then, I can give it more. Perfect. I'm going to show you everything. And you're the one who's doing your responsibility. Because you can come to me. I'm going to give you all this value. And you're going to give me a good idea. I'm going to think about that. And how the G.G. is the one who's doing it. Because it's not the same. And that's the basis of everything that he did. And the other one was doing it. And it was going to be the same. And I was going to talk about the values. Now you have to know what kind of person that you're doing. He's the person. You can't come to me. Look at all what I did. And two, I was watching. And then. It's like I have to go to the market. And I'm going to see what's going on. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And that's a real $4. How much do you pay? This is a GF that looks like this. So, no one has planned to come and tell you, I have everything I need and I have my hand. Yes. So it's the difference. And because you're now going to buy that place that you had, the GF demand. No one can come. In your company, you show things you don't see what they do. And that's the reason why I have to know how to have the radio radio in every corner. I know what happened to me before, that I was going to ask for a long time. I had a lot of improvements to my house, and I was going to buy everything. Because I was going to work all the time. And I was going to work all the time. And that happened to me. My 40 hours of work is smaller. But because I didn't work all the time. Because I didn't have any plans. I was going to work all the time. I had no time to do that. That's a lot more. I also have the focus. I have the focus. I have to have different sides. But I don't know how to do that. Because I have my own eyes. No, I don't know. I know what happens here. The guy can't tell you what you have to do. That's the difference. Because the guy in front of the computer. He can create many things. But if that doesn't happen, he doesn't. But if that doesn't happen, I don't know. But if that doesn't happen, I don't know. But if that's the structure, the person who has the responsibility. And the person who has the responsibility. The same understanding. No, it's not that you have to understand. It's just what I said. That's why you have to be in the script. The roles. Which one will you tell other people to understand more easily? Because he doesn't really understand. I really have the right to do the same. And for him, the person who has the responsibility. I've never done the marketing. No more. But I know that it's very different from that. I can be fake in my case. The body for cancer. But if there's no someone who knows what and what it is, it's not going to happen. The body for cancer. So what's the most valuable? That I work in a curing cure for cancer. But I don't know why I don't have the way to get out of the house. And that work of promoting it and to get out of the house. No, it doesn't have a cost as an automation. Because it's precisely working in the computer. It has to be paid for now. But what causes the product out of the house and shows it. The value that is worth it. It's the value that you're going to do. There's a great difference. It's what happens just this year for you to do it. It's not that you have to put the value in your house. What do you want? You have to say, this is how it is. And let's go to OK. Without an exposure, you work as a job. You work as a job, even the automation is not going to be done. So how much is it? I'm going to have to get out of the house. I'm going to have to get out of the house. But if nothing is known and if it's not offered, it's not going to be. Do you understand? So it's a price for what you're going to do. And it can include if the automation is the number of the product. Because the amount of the amount. Because it's a product and there's a amount of the amount. So there's a person who goes to sell it. Because that's how it is. It's more than I've said before, I started working as a job as a job. Why did you talk to me? Because your product can be very good. But if you tell me with the knowledge, you don't have to do it. And I've taken the product and I'm talking about what I did. I'm a company of the biggest rocker. I'm not a company of the biggest rocker. But I only served when the doctor had the hand. So it's a great difference. And that's why you're going to have discussions. But I'm going to have to see how discussions are going to be. I'm not discussing it because if we're going to see how it is, then what does it mean? Okay. So that's it. And I'm not going to be a company. And when you see what's happening, or what's not going to happen, you don't have to do it. So, then the job can be very good, but if you don't do it, you don't have to do it. Nexence? Yeah. This year, the technique that you have to do, your conclusion is to be able to do a progress. That's the emotional state. So, the process of doing this work, and the good thing is that, from 2020 to 2020, you have to do it. From 2020 to 2020, from February to May, from the 2016, you have to do it. What does it mean? What happens is that you go to the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...the... ...what does it mean about being Munich? What is the value of its future? Because, for example, being a very frustrated fellow... ...is able to make sense that you work on that. Like that! Why are we, truly? I wanted to tell you what happened, because you have to tell me this, that when I was really sure, you went on heaven. and with Guilt, and y'know. You understand that? And everything and I said it. It's to tell myself... , so me one Because, for example, what is not used is to have a certain kind of personal relationship. With personal relationships, the kind of relationships that have emotions that have that are not used. But those who are going to decide about the work of all. So the normal relationship is a fact. Everyone is not the point that people are going to say this is what is going to be called cinema. So the mind of the human being is a military. And now, now, you are going to feel, now you are going to spend some construction. That is what it is going to be about. The construction construction and the construction of the external. And the good thing is that you are going to be the one who is interested in the part of your career. It is a very interesting and very constructive process. What does this mean? You are going to be a professional, to come to the cinema. When you say, what is good and what is good and what is good is that. For example, this is the teacher's teacher. That is not true. But not only does the program have a problem or does it have a problem? But the recolourism. Yes, I did not even say that. But the organization. The course of the film is not the only thing that we have. Everything we have, everything we have, I am not ready. That is true. And when you say so, there are three companies that you are going to be interested in. Now, the special thing that I am going to tell you, I ask you all of my presentations, just what I like most. And my most important thing is that I like the most. So you go to this class and that you have to accept. For example, we analyze the cold, what we do. Everything you do has to do, you have to evaluate. Yes, I have the idea to have a problem with my team and talk about how this is going to be. I have to say that it is something that I do not know. That the structure that I have made, for example, is that. Because suddenly, the whole class is going to be for me. The structure is perfect for all the virtual classes. In particular, the class is more or less known to students with a questionnaire. With a number of students who already know the subject, etc. A presentation is explained more or less to all the topics. And then you go to the practice. And you have a feedback form or something like that. For me, that is a good thing, but for a class. And they are their own class. The computer is their own screen. And we show them all my drawing. And now we go here and draw. And if we want to be seen all the parts of the class, I don't know what is creating, what is happening. That is the way I am. That is the way I am. That is the way I am. Well, okay. That is why I am going to analyze that they are a accepted that I say to myself. That I do not say anything more. We can see the work of all classes that I have more Raccions that the class speaks to people. So if you know how the class speaks to people, then if you know how the class works, what happens here is that you are trying to validate the front of them. And that is not the way. It does not have to say, if you see one is a voice, you know. You know what it works. So sometimes a repeat of the Patroné inconscientemente. The validation that you are talking about. You have to go somewhere and you have to tell the same thing. Or you have to show me, so that I feel really that it is something that something or that I am doing here. And the question is, at the same time, let's go and, as you know, the tone in the rhythm, now we are going to have a evaluation of the realized. No, no, no. And we are going to feel the same as the one that you have to continue. If you are going to be in the tone of voice, because we are going to build this next presentation. And we are going to talk to you for that introduction. We are going to do a competition of how to voice or how to voice or how to. We are going to bring the feedback first. We are going to have to find out why it is impossible to react. And what is impossible to react to the opinion? The last one is the figure from the outside. That is why we are going to analyze it later. Exactly. For the outside, the classes are going to be able to see things. Exactly. And it is what we are going to analyze. And both, before showing you how to voice, you have to see what you have before, or your voice. You are going to learn more about our learning. Exactly. You understand the strategy. So now, when you are trying to analyze it, you will see this and this and this. How do you take the point? But I am going to tell you more about it. I am not going to be able to understand another thing that I think is that. And for example, the team of courses. The lesson is to take a respect with me, and I am going to ask you to ask for the opportunity to say that you are going to talk to me about it. Because it is said today, but I am going to talk about it every day. And it is like that. What is my opinion? I am going to say that it is so much more expensive. But it is not worth it. And if I say something else, I want to also talk about it. Well, I don't know. All these courses that are here, I ask you to ask us what we have to do. And we can see, and they are uploading their culture, they publish our page, so the other page of course has it. Exactly. And what we can see with them, of course we have them. We have them. So, it is also a course that they have. So, you know. So, this is also a course that is done. So, that is done. So, you know, it is a course that is done. So, you know, you have to do it for the next few months. Well, then, there is where you have to define the rules. I am going to upload these courses, because these are going to sell this. And this is going to be like this. I will do more of the transition and I will upload them. This does not have this structure. This does not have this. This does not have this structure. So, that is why you have to be subscribed to the law. The law is. The law is. The law is. So, this was not going to be done. So, this is going to be done. So, that is the same, completely. And that is a good thing. Your courses learning. Well, like I said, the bottom work does not work. And maybe that is why you have to be more on your own. That is actually great history. But it is going to be down a bit. Going first what we plan for promoted access to the intended medical school and, so, who can see this. There is no need to get a lot of such training to be able to attend. I'm not going to say anything. A very important thing. In this life, I feel like God takes you more than what you really take. So, you're thinking that No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Everything is felt. You feel the adult of the relationship without a process. And, these things. Now, no, we don't have Pareca return. For a couple of times it's aanganjovere. It's a balance that's a little piano but it's 10, is a year of emotion which is, first of all, I mean that's a lot of fun, but I also want to learn to cut the dependence on the general. This is what I'm saying. I don't understand what I'm saying. But the dependence on the general, I'm just passing on to a person or another, because for now, the brand is very much dependent on the value of what value is. And that's why, to build a difference between the general and the general, because if the brain is brain, but if it is brain, if the brain is the brain, the brain is brain, the brain, and the brain is not a brain. Isn't it correct? When it comes to a brain, the brain is not a brain, but the brain is not a brain, the brain is not a brain, in the head. They are in the head, they are not in the head, right? Okay, yeah. In tons, intensity, for action, I'm not counting on a new one, because we are the same, that's going to be the climate of the year. But what? What is the climate of my mother? No! In the past, I was like, I was like, I was like, I'm like, what do you mean? I also have an important kick kick, which is how you have to go through through the way you're working, because you've been working a lot for a long time, because you've been working for a long time, because you've been working for a long time, so that's what you're going to apply now. You're going to apply? Yeah, I'm doing it, when I'm not doing things, because I'm doing it more, and that's what I'm going to do, because I'm working on a university now, being in the school of the year, it was a complete year, and it's going to be a long time. And you're going to do it. And if you're going to do it, you're going to be a little more. What do you think about it now? Yes, you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it. You're going to do it, because I let it go, I told you it can hurt me. I'm going to my sheikh, because I'm afraid of getting it. So happy. So that's what I'm doing, i'm going to go, outdid Yeah. and you're going to do it more? Yeah, You're going to do it more than that. Okay, I'm going to do everything, you did. Thank you. But were you going to do anything? Nope, that's it. I don't know how to click it. Impressionantes. Pesitia Cursor. But I don't know how many people have been asked about that. But in my case, in your case, it's true. Look, there's something that we have to do. We have to do something. Yes. In our case. The message is, it's something that you have to know that part of the way. No. I don't know how to do it. I'm going to tell you that I'm going to tell you what to do. And if you're not, I'm going to tell you that. I don't want to tell you that. I mean, I don't want to do it. No, but I know that it's not a thing. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. Look at the face. What do you mean by that? More. I don't know. And then, I'm going to tell you that I'm going to listen to call me on the list. But I don't know if it's a fake. Yes, because I'm going to ask you a lot of questions. I'm going to talk about it. I don't know if it's a fake. I'm going to ask you the person who's been asked about it. What do I have to do? I don't know if it's a fake. But I don't know if it's a fake. Add. Fanya no equival to mala person or no equival to mediocre Fanya is part of the learning a system because it has to prove the system because it has flaws, any system has flaws. So the flaws are the ones that combine the system in something better. So don't look at it, there is a way to do something like something terrible but it's more terrible the feeling that Fanya is going to fall down because it's still going to fall down. But this feeling is very strong, it's to have the fear of falling down the fear of controlling it and they are very competitive. So that's why Fanya is more terrible because of the competition. So I'm not a little more. I think it's okay. How do you resolve this year? The trends in the body that I want to say that the future is not activated or will be a new intensity of the transformation but also what happens when you go to the beginning is these fronts to a career. And there is the, the, the, the first is also a big problem. So the career is more interesting. So this year will be a super key thing for you in your world. In everything. In everything. Here we go and we say, we're going to go to the world. We're going to go to the world. No, I don't want that. The thing happens is that it's going to be more than the career to the world. It's like a preparation to reach the world. Like an article. Because the next year we will receive the results. Exactly. There it is. But what happens is that if you go to the building the decision will not be achieved. You can't do the inauguration on the ground. Really? Everything is good. It's not the same. The events. It's the plan. It's the same. It's the same. Now we're going to go to the first. Now we're going to go to the second. When we arrive at the roof, we're going to see how this building is. It says, I want you to know that when you have a first contract, write, write, send and pay. There are two things to have the roof. There is no need to go to the building. It's the same structure. But what happens is that this year is a super potenti for you. Because the four of us in our community have the same skeleton in the apartment. It's a cross where the cultural structure is called the cultural column of the apartment. And the horizontal column is like the eje that has our own name. And your eje is the cultural column is super activated. And the� is very powerful. So it's a year. I'm going to leave the house. And the house. Well, I know how to go to my house. I don't want to see anything. I don't want to see anything. What you want is like a car. It's like a car. It's like a car. What if it's a plant. If you like it, you know how it works. It's a house. It's a plant. And it's a strategy. You can see that this tree, for as long as it'll make it easier. If it starts, it will always stop. Or it won't change. And that thing� lot more similar, but the other thing you should do is work. If I not manage the tree, I won't change the video every end, but it's good. Imagine the last day never came true life ever, I didn't plan to make money, when I go back. So we're going to do that. And then we'll see how many people are going to write. What is the place where they're going to do now? What is the name of that thing? From the online meetings. And that can be taken to a dream. And I'm going to tell you this. This is the place. I'm managing the time you work on. You produce. But at some point, you're going to feel free for those who are not. For those who are not. For those who are not. For those who are not. Because they are going to see discussions. But the discussions have to be done. They have to be taken to the right. What is the place where a good and bad is to have the discussions. I know that you're going to do it. You know, I know that you're going to do it. But how do you start to be in a very impressive way. Because once I started to go to the meeting in a meeting. And my manager said to me, I'm going to tell you more about a year. And I heard it. I was going to learn a lot more. I told myself that I was in the Paba, I was going to tell you that I wanted to show my balance. I wanted to show that I wanted to bring more. But I came to visit and I was entering the board of the company. So I started to want to show what I can do. I was going to tell you that I was going to see you. In your case, you're going to see what you're going to see. Because the thought... I didn't say anything. It's no experience. No, it's easy. For a reason, but also because it's because of what you do. That's what it's going to be. But that. And the point is that everything you do is the one. It's not the only thing. It's the one that is going to be your head. That organizes you to tell him to do something. Perfectly your head is a balance. But it doesn't work if you don't do something. So your work is not possible if you don't show it. It's the balance of the company. The company exists when you know it. When you start to get a reputation. And when you have a structure and when people can say, And there is the presser. So you don't have to wait until you're talking. And you'll be saying something. Because you know how to treat your buttons. You also have to say experience. You don't just have to. You understand? We love love. So we're like we're talking. We're going to say we're going to analyze everything that we did in the university. But I'm going to try to analyze it. You're going to have to be two steps ahead of the front. But they're the excellent coach. And if you'd like to learn to do something, you'll have to learn something. Exactly. So that's when you're talking to your buttons. You're like you're teaching me. You're teaching me. You're teaching me. You're teaching me. You can tell me in the tone you want. But you're teaching me. You're learning. Oh, look at this. Because I don't know what to do. Okay. The next thing I have. Because you're also learning to do so. You're your pro. There must be a certain opportunity here. To practice, it's very exciting. But it'll be difficult. I mean where you are. First of all, you're doing three steps to do the practice. I will be taking your trouble. but I don't want to be a child. No, no. No, no. And I don't want to be a child. I don't want to be a child. I'm not going to be a child. But the child, it seems, is when this person tries to solve your processes. And we repeat the processes. And as I said, the real thing is not to end up with what is real. It's a lie. It's not that you have to solve it. For me, I've been there since I was a kid. As a child, I've never seen a child in my life. I've never seen a child in my life. Yes, I won't. I'll never see it. No, I don't want to be a child. No, I don't want to be a child. I want to be a child. That's what you have to do. You teach me. It's a new learning. And if you do a lot of learning, you learn to love me. But that's not what you want. As a teacher, I've always been my life. I've never read my books. I've never read my books. But that's what I do. That's why I've been living. And now, in this case, I don't know what I've said. Because the way people love me, they make me feel like I'm a little scared and so much. I don't have anything else. And... I don't know. I'm a teacher. I don't have any more people. I have my colleagues. My colleagues, who were the most beautiful girls, are the most beautiful girls. And they're the ones who are not living like a child. But they're like a teacher. Sometimes they're like a teacher. They're not. They're not. I don't know. I don't know. I've never read my books. And I've been reading the book. I've been reading books. I've never read my books. But I know why they're here. There. There. There. And I don't know why. I've been reading a lot of books. I've been thinking. And that's what I'm going to do. That's what I'm going to do. So... But I haven't to play a kid anymore. I just Bached you all that involved, with Henkers I've been thinking this. You see that importantepo notions, aren't they? Don't? No. I want to know who this is. And I've been on this family 9 years. My BÜNDNISSES JEMONE But a baby seems to go to the Onors to talk about everything that we're going to talk on. Okay. Thank you next. It's a fact on the end. I'm going to learn the thing that happens that life is teaching kids. That it's not people who say how bad they are. They say that they are bad. They say that they are bad because they are bad. They don't have any good friends. They have to learn. They are bad. They have to learn. What happens is that it's a good thing. It's something you have to do. But now it's going to be a real life. Now it's like everything. It's going to be a long time to repeat that you are talking to your parents. How do you say that you are in positive positive? But now it's like that if I'm not alone, I'm like that. Exactly. It's the same thing. It's your physical, the one that's going to be a natural. For physical, the most married. In the married, we see that the resolution is where everything has happened. But it's going to be a long time. It's going to be a long time. It's because of the friends who are not friends. So it's the best thing because it means that it's going to depend on that. I don't think it's the same thing. It's the same thing. I'm going to tell you something. I'm going to say a very good friend. But I'm going to call him and my friend. And that's the same thing. This is the most beautiful thing. But you know that you also have the same thing as the love. What is real is your own. You don't have to force yourself to be a friend. You have to ask yourself. No, of course. You have to be more close to yourself. You're going to be a consolida or not. You're going to be a consolida. Or not. You're going to be a consolida. The point is that you don't suffer. Of course. You know, I mean, I don't know how to say it. I don't know how to say it. You're so close to yourself. You don't have to say it. You're going to say it. You're going to say it. It's very important. You're going to say it. You're going to say it. You're going to say it. I mean, it's not exactly. It's something that happens to all of you. It's a construction for you. And as I said, as we speak, the beginning of the style. I'm going to be learning what this style is. What I really like is what I don't like. It's an important part. In my opinion, in a work-in-a-roader, all these other things are built. It's like working in a working process. In this moment. But I don't know if it's a loved one. But it is. It seems to me better than before before you put it in the room of a competition. I know that in the path they are going to see stones going to see stones going to see this or another. So, from the path I said this is a strategy to the extent that it begins to think before or the other. As for example, we were thinking that they are going to ask me to take a digital course of the scale. Sometimes, some of them are already a huge scale. At the same time, they want to give me another person and they collaborate. I know that I was thinking that this could help. It's inclusive in that plan. In the city, which is prepared to make it very desafated when it's your valuation. And this is going to be done. I'm a person when I have my own things. I know it's a work. I always think that I would listen to the language because I saw that I was going to go to the beach and I started to feel like I was going to go to the beach. I feel like I could not be able to speak well. I really think that if I have something I start to think that I would go to the beach. And I just noticed what I told myself is as if everything I was going to do is not that it's important. Because I do not think that and it's just that it's because I didn't do it to your side. Which is the structure. Obviously, that you are going to think that you are going to go to the beach and when I was not going to do it at the time. You have to help me. I was going to go to the beach and now as a rover, as part of the plan, you will see later, what is the reason? Yes, in the end, absolutely nothing. That's the same strategy in your work, with your brother. You give it to him. What is important? You have to build your own space. Because you have to build your figure. What does it exist? And look, in the computer, you can see a lot of projects. But if you don't go out, that's where you have to be clear so that you can go out. You work. So, you work to go out to the end. Always think about the space of the year. No, in what I'm saying, what is the time to go out now? The next, next, all the time. That's going to be a brutal exercise for you. And as I said, when I started to talk, everything was here. I'm going to go out now. But I think I'm not saying anything. No, I'm not saying anything. No, but that's all. I'm not saying anything. No, I'm not saying anything. No, I'm not saying anything. I'm not saying anything. I'm going to do one of the most significant years of your life. If you're going to do it, I'm going to do it. Because you have to say again, at this moment, you have to go out. What do you want to go out? I'm going to go out for 25 years. So, for what do you want to do when you go out, when you go out, you're going to go out and when you go out. I'm going to go out for 5 years. No, no, no, no. She's going to have to be done. Yes. That's good. So, it's a program for you. But what happens when you go out, when you get the 25 years done, you have to go out for everything. You're going to do it. For a moment, you're going to go out for 25 years. You're going to die. Yes, yes. Yes, yes. You're going to die. I'm going to die. I have two of them. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. Yes. And you're going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Because that's also part of the video. Because that's it. So, today it's 13 minutes later. Susan silence.ATIONS We're going to find out more about it. Yes, so, Come on. UP TO BE CONTINUED In the end. Why don't you tell them a little bit about your second cry that you're the father of the child? No. That's not me, my mom. And they're like, how can I do it? Why don't you tell me? I don't know, I don't know. I don't know, I don't know. Why don't you tell me? And I don't know what I'm talking about. It's enough. And that's the way it's done. For that, I don't understand what I want. But I don't know what I'm talking about. Because I don't know what my dad is. I've never done my first period of my career. I've been doing it for two years. I've been working on it for two years. I don't understand what happened to my dad. I've been in my passion. But I don't understand your mom so much. And for today, with a new job, you're a part of your mom's life. You're the most potent. You're a part of your father. And what you're doing is like... more potent. And I think that's the most important thing. I've been talking about my life. I know that my mom's life is much better. I think it's a lot of time. I don't want to be different. And it's also even possible to change as a nation. It's a good way. It's a good way to be a part of my career. But it's something that's going to happen in the past few years. We used to be a part of games like that, and we used to include range of retirees to up pron 갈 academia. So you put down customский inspiration in that much There's to repeat your process. And it has a process, or you have another process. That's a thing, and you have another thing. But it doesn't mean that the word is in the middle. It's simply... It's also... That's not going to go to the language. It's not going to go to the language. It's an energy that goes to the word. So it's simply repeat the process in another person. And the next one. And the next one. The first one. I don't know how long. I don't know how long. I don't know how long this will go. And I don't know how long this will go. I don't know how long this will go. I hope you'll have a nice day.

FINAL TRANSCRIPTION (MEDIUM Model)
----------------------------------
Model: medium
Processing Time: 4673.99s
Characters: 83236
Text:
Cold. You have to go out with a jacket. If you don't, it's okay. You'll get wet. But it won't kill you. That's what astrology tells you. At least astrology gives you a prognosis of things. And the probability that those things will manifest according to the climate. That's why it's not something... And also, we have what is called free will. The human being. To complicate things. So, of course, no! On the contrary, imagine that one didn't have control of the situation. Then we would be like puppets of the universe. And we are not. We are absolutely free beings to decide how it will go. And how do we know that? Because, for example, I have certain choices. I choose this and I'm going to go this way. If I go to your house, I can go by Mariscal Lopez. I can go by Santa Teresa. I'm going to get there. The point is where I'm going to get there. I'm going to get there this way or the other way. That's why astrology is so interesting to me. Because it doesn't tell you, this is like this. There is traditional astrology that even the Tarot says, this can be but it can be. Everything can change. So I made a combination of techniques to see how you are going to be. At least what the astrological climate tells us. I read two things. I'm just going to pass you these two circles. You explained to me how we can work on the house. Exactly. But your Christmas card will never change. You will always be you. You will always be everything. But as I was saying, every year there is a new technical director in the house. So you were born, you have the sun, the sun that defines your identity. It's how you present yourself to the world. Mercury, which is the mind. The north node, which is where the spiritual part marks you. Where is your evolutionary sign. Where do you come from? Because we all come to this life to do a degree. A course. To do a job. Yes, to take a course. To take a course. If you pass the course, you pass to the next level. So you have a potential because you came to be yourself. And everything in house 12. In house 12 means you are at the end of the wheel. Yes, because I am at the end. From here, we are going to be in heaven. Yes, but of course, totally. Because imagine that I am. I am competitive. There is no chance that I pass this course. And yes, but you really came, you drew because according to the Kabbalah, we design our map. We say I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this with these conditions because this is what I need to do. And you were born with the sun and the north node next to you in house 12. It means that you are really in the last course. And that already tells us something really strong. Something to summarize. You live a lot inward. Everything first develops here. Let's say nothing comes out without being cooking inside. But that also leads to an impressive emotional intensity. That you can be your best friend and your worst enemy. So it also tells me that many times you feel a little out of place. That is, it is like a fish out of the water. Because in reality, where you move well is when you have a purpose. That's why the escawa feels good to you because it is a purpose. If life does not have a purpose, you feel it as something empty. You even work more because you are looking for a purpose. That is what you do in house 12. Just looking for the purpose of things for you to say, Well, I'm going to work from 6 to 8, what do I know, have money, it seems that something is missing. According to what I see in your letter. And the solar return of 2026. What does solar return mean? That our sun, every year, is positioned exactly in the degree when we were born. And that's how a new game starts. We get to the 2025 goal, now we start again, we start again. You throw the cards again, you move the dice again and you say, okay, how is that going to be? And you know that something very interesting strikes me because it says that you are leaving house 12. What does it mean that this year you are going to be visible? That is, before you were inside and now you are forced to go outside. And that coincides a lot with what they are doing. So you never felt so exposed. And there is something that maybe bothers you a little, but it is something that you are challenging yourself and super good. Because you have always been protected inside. Now when you have to go out and see an agent or you have to talk to the agent or whatever, that is really totally out of your normal sense and your nature. So that challenge is excellent. Now you want to feel safe first and then go out, but life is not giving you that chance. It is going out and then you are going to be safe. Because this year you are oriented to work, to create structure. And work is not just an inspiration, now it becomes real. It is like everything was in the cloud and now you start to lower things and it scares you. And I was looking at the fact that you work with someone. And astrology tells me, Gemini and Pisces, no, no, no, this is almost impossible. And you know what the real job is? It is to create strategies so as not to kill yourself in the attempt. So you create strategies and it says that the difference between the two in work is the mental rhythm, not the personal. That is what it tells me. Gemini and Pisces, how do they relate? There is a difference in the mental rhythm. So that is where it is not about affections, it is not about I am better, but about different rhythms. One moves in a rhythm, the other in another. Suddenly you move here and Gemini goes like this. Because it is her nature. You, for example, think in images. When you are told something, you immediately diagram it in your mind. I don't know if your mind works like this, but it is a diagram. And you have intuitions before certainty. You say, I feel this and then it becomes real. And it is really good that you trust intuitions because it is sometimes difficult to explain the step by step of things. But you have to start learning to be more concrete and not get lost in long discussions, especially with your brother. Because there things will never end. If you start to discuss personally in words, things do not end. For you, the process of Gemini seems erratic. Because Gemini's nature is constantly changing ideas. Gemini, I thought Libra was worse, but no. Gemini is today, the next day. It is very fast mentally. And sometimes Gemini also speaks too much because it needs to express. Pisces does not need that. But Gemini needs to express what she thinks. And there it seems more erratic to you. It seems superficial to you and lacks structure. So you are the one who has to write everything. And the astrological suggestion for this work is never improvise, never improvise agreements, roles by writing, roles by writing. For example, who decides, who executes, who communicates, who communicates and who has the final decision. The role topic will be important to be written, why? And I will explain later in the month by month, because there will be months of conflict. That is, astrologically there is more intensity. It is like saying that all couples end up in this month, for example. It is not that they end up in that month, but it is because the energies are heavier and suddenly people do not know what they are doing. Exactly, it is like saying, you know it is 40 degrees and you left with long sleeves, right? You will be able to endure but it depends on you. Yes, you will be able to endure but you will be hysterical, you will be, I don't know, you will see months like this. So it is suggested never improvise, roles by writing and choose a channel. Here we are going to communicate. Do not let Gemini choose. Do not let her. Because one day she will choose this, the next day she will choose another. But not because, but because she thinks, this is better, this is better. Not out of evil, but because this is how her head works. Rhythm, do not forget the mental rhythm will be important. And there is a word that must be avoided, we will talk about it later. That is, we will see later. That is the worst. It is that, lately, that was our biggest issue with Iván. That suddenly we had a meeting, we were doing our first meeting between the three of us to define what each person was going to do. And it was that Verdun was going to see the things on the websites and it was going to be that all this online. And Iván and I were going to focus on the last two classes that were left. For that afternoon, Verdun was explaining the class and I don't understand what the hell. And nobody told me anything. No, and I told Verdun to talk because he has to remove the fear of talking to people. That is not what we talked about. And how are you going to put someone who does not know how to give a class to give a class? Because you are giving something that you are not giving to the students what you promised. Because you are treating it as a test trial. Exactly, then no is no and that is not what it is. And no, if it is not written, it does not exist. So if it is not written, it does not exist. That is what I was looking at and it seemed super interesting to me. It is too funny because right now I am going to write a notebook to write down the things about management. I think they also chose together, I do not know. But what I did is that I showed Iván and he started laughing at me because what is he going to write in physics again if you work with Iain. And I, what is here is done. This is the golden rule book. Exactly. You listen to it. And another thing is to compromise things, to say to them, suddenly what is on the screen we cannot sign. Here we all sign. Sign because it is a written commitment. Do not forget that when we use this hand it connects with our brain. And if I sign I am rubricating what I say, I can not go back. So, even if it is a little sheet. But it would be, I do not care. So there is no way to work together because we have to agree on the rules. Because there will be months. I think it is a discussion in specific, not a discussion, but it has to be a specific talk in which we touch on that issue with Iván and that suddenly there are more people who contribute to that conversation. Because I think it is the struggle with Iván. In addition to being autistic, in addition to being just like ... Geminist. I do not know if it is just Geminist, but it is a different mental flow rate. Because I concentrate on other things. Because my work area is other things. And suddenly Iván tells me, and you can do this, this, this, this. I tell him, Iván, my work is not to program. My job is to organize what you are doing. And that is where I reminded him, if you want my work to be easier, more automated, automate me. Do things for me, that's how I use it. Of course. But do you know what your challenge will be, my love? It is not ... and this is going to be difficult. Because I will tell you right away that in your long return you will have as a scorpion ascendant. What does that mean? That you will be more intense, but also more intuitive. That must be helped. And what does that mean? It is not to put emotions into the conversation. Because you will want to talk from the emotion, you have to talk from the role. I am the one who organizes, so I demand order. Because I am the one who organizes. If this were a company that we were not a family, this would be very different. So we are going to take advantage of that strength that we are a family to define roles and that means respect. I want to work this way. It seems to you that it is stupid, but it is something very important to me. So if it is not here, it does not exist. There is nothing that we talk about later, we will review later. And if the idea is changed, well, we also sign here and it is also signed. If we agree, if the idea is good. There is one thing that I was looking at because in your Christmas card something very interesting that although you have everything in house 12, you have in the highest part of your card, Capricorn. Capricorn means structure. The structure means that you have very clear at the professional level how things have to work structurally. Only they were like that. I am not a person who does not work with something that needs structure, but my 30 years of work in the industry helped me to be structured, whether or not. But you are totally pisces, but super structured. And one thing that I was looking at and that you are really super oriented to what is technology, because there are two planets, especially Neptune and Chiron in Aquarius. Aquarius governs electricity, it governs innovation. What is your stomach feeling? A flat. I do not know if it is because I did not have breakfast or because I drank too much coffee. Do not you want cold water? No, I'm going to have a flat. My stomach is very sensitive, the same for lipolysis and that. So anything makes me feel it. What happens is that you have to drink slowly, little by little. That's why I tell you, if you want to vomit, go to the bathroom, but if you want tonic water that settles your stomach. Breathe deeply. Breathe in, breathe out. One, two, three and then release slowly. That will help you a lot. And do you want some water to change the flavor in your mouth? I'll get you some water. Lady, this allows me to see the body. I did not see it. It is that I was in a hurry, but generally I did have breakfast. But I do not know, lately I was doing more bad eating than not eating. So I was having a lot of breakfast. But I swear, this remedy is not decided. What's up? Why? I do not know, I do not know if I'm going to be shit when I eat, if I'm going to be shit when I eat. What dosage are you applying? 2.5. 25. 0.25. That's good. It is the lowest. Imagine if the lowest already ... There it is. Better? We stayed in structure. No, I was just looking at what you have. Do you know what this astrological position gives you? It is a broad vision. You can also turn what you do not have form into a solution. I would say that you do not have form because putting together what the two of them do and giving them form, that is your specialty. So you are really oriented towards what you can do. What does it mean to give shape to what you do not have form, to what the others do? It is even easier for you, it would not be easy for another person who does not have this astral configuration. I would cry enough to understand what they want to do and now I'm like ... I'm getting the hang of it. I am not ... Before I was on a horse that had no reins and it was full of all the whores. And I grabbed a leash and put it on his mouth and now ... And that is giving shape. That is finding a solution. For example, we talk about invisible algorithms, hidden patterns. That is in Neptune, in Aquarius. It is something that does not have ... And if we add what you have, Jupiter, Pluto, Sagittarius, Cassanus, we talk about expansion, future and advanced knowledge, which is the AI. So you do not come ... What I was looking at is that you do not come to program, but to give human sense to technology. That is Pisces. Everything that is behind your sun, which is everything I read to you, Neptune, Chiron in Aquarius, all that, gives the sun that is in house 12 the strength to give a human sense to technology. The project would be only technical, it would be frustrating because ... Definitely, someone needs to have some kind of ... Human utility. Yes. That ... and what do I return to what I told you at the beginning? Proposal. See how it comes together. Because if this were a highly technical thing, you could not work. But you give them a way to help people. To help people, of course, yes, they will pay you for that, yes, but that is what you are going to do, you are going to solve problems. It has a human purpose. It is that what they do has a service to humanity. To humanity, yes, but it is a company, yes, it is part of humanity. Do you understand? So why does it fit with you? All this, not the programming, you do not have to program absolutely, but everything that is done, you give it the shape, this has shape, this serves for this, this serves for something. That is when your purpose, purpose, that is when your sun expresses itself and shines. That is when you say, this does make me ... That is when you light yourself. That is when you say, ah, yes, I like it. Because if not, nothing happens. And here I come to a point that must be highlighted. We also have Venus, we are going down, your ascendant is Arias, your house is Arias, and there is also Venus there. What does that mean? That you will always have at the level of a couple the theme of the impulse that now they choose you. Now we are going to define this. You know what is happening to me? That I started to realize after Tolerio Paso Concesa, that suddenly I tried to talk to new people. But I tried to fuck, it's not my issue, I tried to be with girls, it's not my issue. And now I'm talking to a boy, but I feel like that guy who starts to write to you and he says, little butterfly, and you get excited, and you talk about him the most. And I go like this and I stay like this. No, here the one who is repeating patterns is me. I am the one who is making everyone talk about him and no, that was not the issue. So I'm basically reconfiguring my brain so I don't repeat the patterns that I saw that in the end they ended up doing that for me alone. Because as my mom always told me, I got too involved. And yes, but that can be something good and something bad, it depends on how you handle it. What you have learned is that having a couple at any price can have painful consequences. If it's not me, the first reflection is going to be shit. Yes, but what happens is that sometimes, and especially this year Kiki, and you know that what I'm reading you is going to start rolling since February 22. But what happens? That the desire, the intensity is going to be, this year a lot of intensity, Scorpio is not half-tinted and add to your areas and venom. I have so many things I would like to have this year. But my love, this is going to be a year of structure for you, it's going to be a year that is not easy but super learning. Yes, like I... You see it, you know what it's going to be like. Like I see it, it's like I'm going to grow, but suddenly the things that in 2025 cost me so much, how do you say, structure, more or less define how I want my life to be. Now it's the real world. Now it's the one that I have to start doing those things. Exactly. The one that if I don't do it, nothing is going to happen. Exactly. And in that aspect, it comes to wake up early, sleep on time, eat well, go to college, work, go to the gym, go out with my friends, the scout. Now I want to join an organization that is kind of like World Park and Volunteers, and there are so many things that I do, but where does that come from? Like I want to, I want to obviously. And it's going to come up in all of that, it's going to come up in all of that, but it's going to be... I can't talk about love, Kiki, it's going to be passion, a lot of passion, because this year you're going to be with a descendant in Scorpio, so that's going to be passion. The only risk for you is going to be to confuse it with love, back. Fuck, nothing is better for me. Nothing is better. No, no, no, no, what happens is that it's all about teaching, everything. The issue is, you know, which one is Kiki, taking it with the enjoyment. It's that, of course, it's that I don't know how to express myself in these situations. I think at least on my own I defined quite well that I can't be with someone passionate, I can't be with someone if I don't feel anything for that person. So if you don't confuse passion with love, and it's like, but I'm not going to pick someone I don't like. Of course, it's not about that. You know when things start to get confused, when we start to idealize the future with that person. There's just the difference. If I'm with a person passionately, I enjoy the moment passionately, I'm now, but I don't start to see, oh how cute our little children are going to be. Oh, what house would you like to build? You know? That's where when we start to project the future, that's when we're thinking that we're going to be together. Enjoy the moment, have a good time, it's all for you, it's going to be all school and get into your learning account. I'm not saying that you don't know, but don't project it, as soon as you meet someone within 20 years. That's the only recommendation. There's one thing, you have a position called Saturn retro in house 5 in Leo. What does all this mean? Saturn retro in house 5. House 5 is the house of enjoyment, the house of sex, not sex itself, because that's house 8, but flirting, love, but Saturn puts limits. It's going to teach you that when you choose someone out of anxiety, out of calm, that's not like, I want to have a boyfriend, I want to have a partner, now I want to... It's an emotional cost, it's going to be an emotional cost if you rush and say, now, now, now. The first thing is now, build personal identity. What does that mean? How many years have you been married? Ten years. You're in the process of getting to know yourself, knowing who you are, what you like. For example, I'm going to tell you something, even in this stage you're deciding what style you have, what style you like about clothes. What style of life, what is it that I want, how do I see myself in the future? To myself, not with someone else. Exactly. Just now you're going to start choosing what topics are unnegotiable for you. What are the same true limits, to where I can get to? For me, the most shocking thing is the fact that I can set limits with my mom, but with friends it's suddenly hard for me, or with couples it's suddenly hard for me, and with my mom it's like, no. Exactly. And it's like, I'm your mom. Yes, but because you're practicing, I'm going to tell you in that sense. But what happens? When I tell you styles, even, and I'm going to do something maybe very banal, but that is not banal, in short, when one starts, and I'm telling you for myself, because 35 years of my life I had to wear uniforms, to keep myself in the red, the red, I say, without red, but black, brown, white, and suddenly, like now I get permission to use, and I realize that I love colors. And it had been that my style, nothing to do with that office style, not even there, my style is to wear colors, crazy things, I don't know, and that's my style. I always saw you like that, auntie. What? I always saw you like that, but for me that other auntie didn't exist. And yes, but because I didn't see myself in the office, right? But when I could, I put on something else. Yes. So you are now in that process. For example, I see you, I'm going to tell you, Pisces in house 12, a person tells me with colors, that he likes, for example, I don't know, crazy things, accessories, it's a style that you are going to find. Because suddenly you, with all this astrological configuration, if you dressed in black, or a color every day, it's like you turn off, like your personality is not seen. So you start experimenting, because you are in the process of defining your style. And people, when you have a style and project through your style, even of dressing, project an image. And then you say, oh look, that person is like this, like that. Because when you walk safe, because you already have your style, what you like, you see the person more, let's say, more centered, more safe, more reliable. You have that type of person that enters and then everyone looks at you. Of course, but because that person knows, he knows. And then you are in that process. This year is going to be to build you. You just left the school security, and you broke a shell, what happens is that you did it all together, right? Then he says, and Saturn tells me not to look for a relationship, but a common vision. Without cladding in your values, just to tell you. Suddenly you meet him and you are passionate about a guy who turns out to be a trafficker. Let's go to the extremes, because that's how it's understood. Oh, it's like, you don't know what to do. Yes, but for example you say, oh well, and he is a trafficker, what am I going to do? No, it is unnegotiable for you, the fact that that person is dedicated to that. I don't know, or it's a person who is dedicated to you, to tell you. For you it is unnegotiable because they do not have a common vision. So that's what Saturn tells me in house 5, that that's what will help you. But now don't worry, for the moment don't worry. In the sense of, it is to get to know, to see, and to know yourself. Oh, I like the lilac, to tell you. That, then it is a process. And another thing, it also tells me that the person who is going to appear may be completely from your environment. So, well, it may be impossible that he is, well, it may be that he knows someone totally different from a bar, right? But this year it may be from your technological environment, from your higher studies, or whoever you have a common project with. So, from there an interesting person will come out. But as a consequence of where you move and what. If you know a person within your environment, it is more likely that they have things related to that, that's what I'm telling you. But go slow in the sense, oh, I met him today, tomorrow we are already thinking about when we are going to get married. You know what the problem is? It is like, wow, it was the first time I talked to a Pisces. And it was very crazy because it happened to a virus that, my God, that is egocentric, narcissistic, that are viruses. Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me. Well, the guy I'm talking about now is a Pisces type. And it gives me, and it really does give me a lot of anxiety about the issue of trauma of being. Because I'm saying, please don't end this badly. But there, I'm projecting something like that, and I said, well, every relationship will end in disaster. So that means trauma. Yes. That's why you don't bring César to every relationship. Of course. That's what you mentioned, but it was when we were talking about Zagia, for example, that she brought him to all her relationships. And then, well, I'm trying to make the change myself. And that's how I am. Before, I was really anxious when people answered me, when they didn't answer me, what Instagram, etc. And now it's like, let them answer me whenever they want, I don't give a shit. And suddenly, people, like when you answered, like, oh, I'm not going to make him wait, or, oh, I'm not going to answer him. I answer. If you want me to bother you, I answer quickly. And bad for you. That's how I am, I'm going to answer you quickly. And if I don't answer you for three days later, that's how I am. Exactly. In the sense that you're not going to your own rhythm. I chose your own, whatever. But what I did is, don't run away from it. They will simply help you analyze yourself. Yes, that's what I was most concerned about, because I feel like I'm analyzing myself more than watching what the person is going to do. Like, talking is nice. But it's like, more than anything, I'm analyzing like, why am I thinking about this? Why am I doing this? Or, I did this before, so maybe now we change that way of doing things that may be different. Look, the compass for this year, according to the trilogy, is, if this year, shared professional project, is a year to create structure, professional bases, 100%. No, I'm telling you, I'm a little bit of a girl. Did you see that yesterday we finished the courses in poly, basically? Seriously? Yes, that is, on Monday there is like a last course, but I mean, we already saw all the content, and there is no aeronautics, so, like, go to hell, guys. Wait, I don't know what courses are. Polytechnic, did you see the Polytechnic University of the National University of Asuncion? They did like a summer course on several topics, and among those topics was the use of IA for... Oh, they entered that one. And we took that course. Look, how nice. And it was on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Thursday and Friday. And how was the audience? On average there were 20 students. Oh, look how nice. Of the 60 that were enrolled. Very good, because you have almost a third. Yes, and many of the people that were there, at least three of them, because they were women, were teachers. And they wrote to us, because they wanted us to do a course for a school, that they were interested in the people of Fasen, that they should do a specific course to use it in data analysis research and things like that. So, like, maybe projects like that would come from those sides, with the faculty, and such things. And for us, it's like, give us your name, lend us, make us known, please. Of course. Because there are educational institutions, for me it's not worth charging them for teaching them. But when it's like companies or things like that, yes, because suddenly it's a national school. What are you going to charge a national school for? And suddenly it can be a voluntary contribution. Exactly. It can be a voluntary contribution, because don't forget that what is given to you, you don't value it. It can be a voluntary contribution, because it's a national school, and what you can do is generally... And it's not free, because what we get is advertising. Yes, but they have their own channels to do it, and it's not hard for them. So, what their management only takes into account, that's true, that is to say, teacher, national school, we are not going to charge them what we charge, but if a voluntary contribution to each one. That's what I want from 5000 forward. But just because people don't value what is free. Or if it's free, it doesn't have value. Be careful with that. Brújula this year, learn to set limits without explaining too much. That's it. That's it, it was written already. And a suggestion for everything you're going to have, if you have space, is to do therapy, or have a mentor guide, because the house is very active, so what does it mean? That you're going to be... Very emotional. Very emotional, and everything seems too overwhelming. So, just so that in the year you are orienting yourself, it's like what you do with your brothers, they put you on the table, and you give them a form, and you tell the psychologist, and tell me to do something like that. The truth is that I never wanted to be like a confalova for the last consultation I went with Nashi Hara, who told me to investigate if I was usually having any kind of disorders, and I never investigated, and I never said anything, and I never left. But this year, I'm not telling you that you're going to need it, but you're going to see the need precisely. I feel like now my problem is that they are more problems, of older people, I don't know. When I went with Nashi Hara, it was like, I'm dealing with my breakup, I know what I have to do, and Nashi Hara told me, yes, you know what to do, you can do it. And she said okay. What am I going to do if she tells me to self-analyze enough to know all the things? That's important, she confirmed it, because you can self-analyze, but who gives you the right, who tells you, it's okay. It can't be you either. My intelligence, I have to say. Totally, totally, but you know what happens? What happens is that we would show you the super-pure thing we did with Iván. Really? Yes. And this year, you know what it's going to be like to build a reputation? What does it mean? Sooner or later, not to be in a hurry and to make the structure. Sooner or later it doesn't mean, oh, we did what we expected, no. Sooner or later it's not doing everything together, having 30 meetings, but doing it together. No, I'm not going to be able to take things with me, because not because I'm going to do well at work, I'm going to have to discover the faculty and other things. And yes, but... I think that's where the most complicated part goes. For me, the most shocking thing this year was, I had a lot of genius in my head, I wanted to see my grandmother. I need to see my grandmother. And it made me think, when am I going to leave? And your grandmother came. Because I leave and I leave Iván and those things, dry, broken, everything. Nothing is going to happen. No. And then I can't go anymore. And if I go, well, I have my computer, now I can work from afar anyway. But there is the issue of, if I go on vacation, on vacation there are always topics of the PABAP, topics of the Scout, I don't know when they are going to do my vacation at university, and those types of things that I said, when am I going to do that? And do a calendar, do a calendar, because you are in a year of construction. If you had to build a house, you would have to start with the foundations, not with the ceiling, and you can't say, well, I'm going to do this wall now and then I'm going to do... but you need a calendar. I need a calendar, but I'm a type of all year. And put a calendar, what if I have a space, a wall, a wayboard, where you can mark something. This year, no affective triangles, for example, no. Affective triangles. What would that type of love triangle be like? Exactly, suddenly it becomes... I hate those K-dramas. Yes, but they can arise or they can be presented. I open up. Exactly, you can say, I don't know, and when you find out, oh no, but I'll do that one 6-0, no, or you open up. It's not even, I'll do that one 6-0, like, you're interested in another one, go ahead. And yes, but run like for your life. Confusing intensity with love, for example, that we were talking about, no. To associate with you without contracts, that is, to do things, for example, with Ivan or with whoever, without anything. Or if someone tells you, I like it, I don't know, when do we start? Let's make a contract. And another thing is also this year, don't go to call to avoid conflicts. What does that mean? That if you are feeling something in your stomach and you're going to say, no, it's just my thing, no, we're going to have a conversation. We're going to talk. The issue is sometimes you want to shut up so you don't... I'm going to say, I'm not going to do drama. And if your intuition tells you, this is like this, speak, don't shut up. It's something important. And going back a little to your Scorpio, who is going to be the regent of your ascendant, Smart in Aquarius points out that there will be no tolerance either in games of poorly managed power. So what does it mean? What happened is this little thing you mentioned with Ivan. That comes out on this side and comes out on the other side is... You're going to be more intolerant, of course, in that sense. Because we already talked about this. Simply breathe deeply, don't make hot decisions. It's like if you show that you're in control. Yes. Show that no matter how much things were said, no matter how everything was written, no matter how much this was agreed upon, no matter how much that was not done, keep your cool and solve and then talk things out. Exactly, so that you can talk from the role and not from the emotion. The emphasis on Scorpio that is going to be this year is complex systems, the work will be in the invisible, which is what you are going to do. Ivan also has that direct response from his mother, for example, that when you speak to him in a certain tone, he closes. That is the tone that his mother always complained about Ivan's things. Oh, of course, the tones. So when I speak to Ivan in that tone, I'm already complaining about it. He's not going to listen to me. Oh, yes. And that's why. And he tells me, it seems like someone is hungry or it seems like someone is in his day. And it's like those things that make you feel like you're going to get hit. And if that's why, then if you know that, it's something in your favor. Yes, because I already know how to handle around that. Exactly, then zero to raise your voice and say, can we talk? I think he's going to get angry if I talk to him like that, very calmly. And that's why, but he's going to listen to you. Suddenly, my theme, many times, I mean, recently I had an argument with a friend and I realized that I am very expressive with my face. Suddenly I say more things with my face than I say talking and things are misinterpreted. Or suddenly I came up with a tone that always with my mother, with my brother, I always had to cry the most because I always threw orders at him. For my voice tone and for my face and so on. And recently, talking to this friend of mine, she told me, if you felt bad with me, if you were angry with me, if you were affected by what happened, why did you spend a week acting as if nothing happened and you talked to me normally or as if nothing happened instead of telling me things? I was going to talk. And suddenly I did say things, but not, how do you say? Suddenly, if I learned from what happened, I talked to the other people involved, I apologized, etc. I analyzed what I did wrong too, but I didn't report to her, in that case it was the camp, it was my mother, etc. But it's like I never talked to her personally and even if she saw me badly, she didn't come and talk to me either. And things grew because you didn't talk. Yes, and because I didn't talk, precisely. Precisely. And also this year marks you a bit of mental tension, mental tension therefore, because of overload too, but it's for you to be oriented to the resolution of problems, not to problems. Problems solved. Exactly. And professional transformation with a condition. You can't work without limits. So this is a year of professional training. It's like you entered a faculty, look, and your brother is doing you the favor of putting you a lot of problems so that you can deal with them. So I think it's super positive if you look at it in a certain way, right? Because look, if you had someone you couldn't send to the whore without it being a company, because there it does have specific consequences. Ideally you wouldn't send your brother to the whore, but if you send him to the whore, he'll know where to get it. Exactly, exactly. But if you already know, for example, that you're going to be losing him when you raise your voice, then by strategy I calm down and then we can talk. So technical decisions have to be primed on emotional decisions this year. Because if not, Scorpio will take you to the plane of conflict. If you make emotional decisions, you will go to conflict. And another thing, remember, the Scorpio regent, who will be very active for you this year, is Marte. Marte is the one who fights and the second Scorpio regent is Pluton who breaks the bonds. So that's why if you want to work with strategy and intelligence, not with emotion. It was a time bomb. And another thing, I told you that Venus, you have it in Arias. And Venus responds to Arias because Arias's regent is Marte too. And you're going to have your ascendant this year. Whether or not you're going to be on fire. Yes, I'm going to be nervous, emotional. Yes, but when you feel like that, just remember that it's a stage. Everything happens. Yes, it's a stage. It's like you were practicing for the 100-meter race and now it's the 100-meter race. So you were practicing for this year. It's going to be a year of a lot of construction, including internal construction, construction yours. As I told you, don't confuse passion with love. It's going to be super passionate, but when the person starts projecting, he's projecting with me, saying, look what a nice idea, let's talk about it as we move forward. You just keep playing, but you don't convince yourself of that yet. It's still not a year of intensity, strong attraction, links, mirrors. What happens is that you're going to feel everything or nothing. Since it's something very yours, that of everything or nothing, this year you're going to feel it very strong. And here we are going to go a little more punctually. It starts on February 22, it's going to start as, it really starts the year, you're going to say because it's like in March they're going to have more concrete things. More concrete, like a formal start. So it's like the school is starting on the 23rd. So it's like the 22nd, the 23rd, it starts, we start, race, race, race. Exactly, there the flag goes down and it's... Where that one can go. Yes, but that also turns you on. If you come and say, oh, I'm going to go, but when you're in the race, it's already... I'm going. Yes, you understand, there you already, you start, leave it for a while, because you're going to be very clear too, because Scorpio is not a sign, that is, it is a good help, it is not a sign that is lost, but that it knows clearly, because Scorpio has a powerful intuition and you're going to be with... your intuition is going to be a thousand. Listen to him more. The idea is not to react impulsively, everything is going to be strategic, this year you're going to have to cut your dogs, because you're going to want to let go, there are going to be too many situations to let go of the dogs, and no. In April, for example, it will start talking about money, because they are going to have more concrete things. I hope so. There is a conversation about money, who is going to have so much, who is going to charge so much, and there will be a great optimism, oh, this is going to grow a lot, but you don't have to promise more than what can be offered. That is something when you go, when you go to formally present in a company or whatever, you don't promise more than what they can really offer. In May, there will be a bit of criticism. What does that mean? There are going to release the tensions because they are going to be working more, there are going to be more discussions about methods, time, control, and the risk is to talk about too much, say things, or say things that can start too much later. So, zero emotional talks. If you can put a sign that says, no, not for you, a sign for you in your piece, zero emotional talks, don't talk about emotions. Pause. Heart on the edge. Pause, pause, pause. May and June, here there will be a bit of a complicated month for you because you are going to start questioning yourself. If you chose well, you will be with a need. That is going to be the climate of the month, don't forget about the climate. It's like you say, now it rained, now the sun came out, the climate is going to be more emotional. In June. In June. So, between May and June, you are going to question yourself if you chose your career well, if you chose where you are working well, you are going to feel a little lonely, or you are going to want more space and silence. The suggestion is not to decide anything definitive that month. Observe. Not a tattoo. Nothing. It is a month of adjustments. In June and July, what marks me is that there is, let's say, love is in the air between June and July. Someone interesting appears or a desire is reactivated, a lot of fantasy, emotional connection, intensity, passion. This can happen before, but in that month it is going to be more intense. The suggestion is to enjoy, enjoy, and not project too much, because what is real, you don't have to sustain it alone. What is real is sustained alone. It's like saying, what I was saying at the beginning, if you speak to me great, if you don't speak to me too well, because if it is real, it will not stop talking to you, and if it is real, it will follow you. It's not that you have to follow it. The most exhausting month will be between July and August. Work, demand, demand for the body too, a lot of work, pressure for the results, fatigue, is the suggestion, is specific routine of rest hours. The definitive month for you will be between July and August. Definitive month means that things will come out. Between August and September, it's like they are going to start signing agreements, really. In real life, society is consolidated, but just between August and September, all this will be preparation, all this time, from the talks you give, from the visits you do, because when it comes to sales, Kiki, it's not that one goes and now they sign you, you start to fall in love with the person. And then you say, hello Jose, how are you? And tell me a little about Jose. Things like that, people will start to define things. Also, the relationship with your brother will be a little intense, but the most intense month of the year will be between September and October, more intense. Because it's going to be the delicate topic where earnings, control, who really has to earn more, and hidden things can come out. For example, I'm going to tell you a story, the third person who works with you is going to say, but I did everything, or I was waiting for more. It's like an example, things that maybe go under the surface and you don't have the light coming out, it could be that they come out in that month. And always, here, for that is to act with total transparency. From the beginning, if you said, you have 40%, he has 40%, and the other has 20%, just to tell you, of the earnings. So, let's put who is going to have how much, from the beginning, so that nobody feels abused. I don't know, for example, in my opinion, I feel that, for me, it makes sense that Iván and I win in percentage of what is done. Obviously, that after, a large part of the percentage of what is done is left in the company's account. And that, for example, Jonathan, who works with us, who wins, who has a cost per hour. Is it written somewhere? And no. That's why, my love. But just now that you tell me, it's something that should be done and that should be signed too. And why do I tell you? Because one thing is when you decide that and the money is not there yet, but what happens when there is a number already. When they closed a deal, and the other, to the pucha, this is interesting, I stayed with this only. Do you understand? And this is Iván's, to make us a very nice presentation, explaining why we should pay more. So, astrology will tell you more, it tells you what the climate will be for you to be prepared, only when that conversation is given, what the answers will be and why. I feel more than anything that I had to prepare myself a lot in advance, at least to be able to take over the part of the job better. Organizing myself now, in these days that I still have a lot of time. But you know what is your biggest challenge? Internal. It is not external. You can sit for a while to do the organization. That internal climate is what is going to be necessary for you to work internally, prepare yourself internally, how I am going to answer, what are they going to do, what are my business, what is it that I and why do I think this has to be done. You can love a person a lot, but that love is not going to be, for example, in the market you pay, I know a market, I do not know the business, you pay 100,000 an hour and it turns out that this Jonathan is so good, we are going to pay him 200,000. It is not what the job is worth, it is what is quoted in the market. If you want to earn 200,000 per hour, study nuclear medicine. I do not know how to explain it to you. But if a person is doing a specific job that is paid in the market, that is what he is going to charge or I am going to pay him a plus because he gives a plus. No, obviously it is the same, Ivan for example when he was in MentorMate, it happened that they only pay him 7 sticks, to which they pay him 14 sticks, because he just studied the market, he saw that all the extra tasks that he is doing, no matter how much they are part of his work, and based on all those things, he made a presentation, he presented it to his boss and he explained, this is all the value that I add to the company and because I think they should pay me more. Well, perfect, that's it. And there obviously that debate between the company, well, I can pay you up to that, for example. Ok, perfect. And obviously everything is defined like that. And you, that is your responsibility to do it. Because I can add all this value to the company and it made you a half-trick goal, you did not think about that. Like Ivan's boss, the other one woke him up because Ivan came and did the download of everything he did and the other one was not watching and he was forced to talk about the values. Now you have to know what each person adds to your company. The person can not come to you early and say, look at everything I do, and you were not watching, you see? It's like I have him here just to see, the one that is the mom's secretary, and just now that we finished the contract with her, I see the plus that she does, besides being in the business, she sees her mom's pressure in the morning, she sees her at night, she makes her dinner, she is with mom when I am not, then I said, this girl I do not want her to leave the house, I want her to stay here as we are living here, that she stays here. Because that has another value. So that's why it's not that he has to come and show you the added value. The boss of Ivan is kind of mediocre for not having realized it and was forced to recognize a value much further. Look if that guy told Ivan, look Ivan, I'm paying you seven but I'm seeing all this that you add, now I pay you ten. And he took four dollars, here four sticks. That is a boss who sees further. So no employee can come and tell you, look at everything I do, and it's early in the morning. So the difference, and because now you are going to occupy that place that the boss of Ivan had, no one can come to your company to show you things that you did not see that were done, and that that person does. You have to know how to have the radiography of each one. What happens to me is that suddenly Ivan and I do not understand much better than all his hours, because they work all the time on the computer, and then the computer records the number of hours they work, and suddenly my count of hours is smaller, but because I notice that all my work is counted in hours, because I'm not always programming, suddenly I'm doing presentations, suddenly I'm seeing documents. How much is it worth? That is worth much more. Also because the focus is not to be in front of the computer all day, but to have to have to disperse yourself more and things like that. And that's the point that I don't know how to get that Ivan to come, because he tells me, automate, it can't be done, you know? You know what happens? What happens is that he can't tell you what you have to do. That's the difference between the boss, because he's sitting in front of the computer, he can create many things, but if that is not known and not seen, it is not useful. But there is the issue, I am not there either, I am not the boss of Ivan. But who makes the structure is the person who has the greatest responsibility. And the person who has the visibility. How do I make him understand that? No, you don't have to make him understand. That's what I'm telling you, that's why you have to be in writing, the roles. What is, I'm going to tell you another one to understand more easily. Because he doesn't really see me as the organization part. For me, for him, the artificial intelligence is the whole organization. I take care of marketing only. Only. But you know what happens? It's very different, it's the other way around. I can be making the cure for cancer in my house, but if there is no one who takes it out and shows it, the cure for cancer will never be known. So, which is more valuable? That I worked and discovered the cure for cancer, but nobody knows it, because I don't have the way to take it out. And that work of promoting it and taking it out, it doesn't have a cost like automation. Because working on the computer is paid per hour. But the one who takes the product out and shows it, is the one who has the value, is the one who adds value to what you do. There is a big difference. What happens exactly this year for you is going to be exactly, they don't have to put value on you, Kiki. You have to say, this costs so much. And we are going to, okay, without an exposure, your work is not going to be seen, your work doesn't matter, your work, even if you automate it, nobody is going to see it. So, how much does it cost? You may have discovered how the cure for cancer is, but if nobody knows and if you don't offer it, it's not worth it. Do you understand? So, put a price to what you do, and you can even, if he likes automation, because he doesn't like your numbers, because ask the EI how much a CEO costs, how much it costs per hour for a person to sell, because that's not easy. In fact, I tell you, I worked as a visitor in the multinationals, why did they pay me well? Because their product can be very good, but if the doctors don't know it, it's useless. And I took the product, and I was talking to you, I don't know, a company, the great fucking Roemer, but it only worked when the doctor had it in his hand. Do you understand? So, it's a big difference, and that's why you're going to have, you're going to have discussions, but you have to see it as proactive discussions, not discussions because yes, let's see how much this costs, how much this costs, and what does it mean, okay, prepare that, and I'm not going to promote it, how much does what you did cost? Nothing. Because the computer didn't work, it doesn't do anything. Do you understand? So, the work can be beautiful, well done, but if it doesn't work, it's useless. Make sense? Yeah. This year, my love, the technique that I add to your solar revolution is called the progressive moon, that describes the emotional state during this period, and the good thing is that from 2022, take the bet, 2022? From February 22, 26, take the bet to Saturn Capricorn, what does it mean? What happens? That you're going to feel happy through your achievements. Your emotion is going to be linked to your achievements, to what you are capable of organizing as a structure, to whatever usefulness you have. Because you, for example, can feel very frustrated if you feel that your work doesn't work. Yeah, it was one of my biggest issues too, I was with Iván, and suddenly he told me to automate this automation that I tried, I tried to do, and then I ended up showing him, and they ended up using something else that he did, right? And everything I did was for him to admit to losing two days of my fucking job to do what he was going to use. So you know what happens, Kiki? Your anthropological suggestion is, okay, they are the computer scientists, but you have the head of the sale and the head of the organization. And not everything can be automated in this life. Not everything. What happens is that they believe that everything can be automated, and it's not like that. Because, for example, what is not automated is that you are going to have interviews with real people. With real people with real emotions that are not automated. But they are the ones who are going to decide about everyone's work. So the automation, fuck it. We still haven't reached the point where people are going to say, this, this, this, this, this, this, what happens is that Gemini thinks like that, you know? Gemini's mind is utilitarian. And yours isn't. Now, you are in the mode of feeling. Now you are going to go to the mode of building. That's what this year is going to be. Construction, construction. Internal construction and external construction. And the good thing is that you are going to be, the moon is progressing, it puts you in the highest part of your chart. It's going to be a super intense year, but very interesting and very constructive for you. What does this mean? Because your emotional security for you is going to come from professional recognition. When they tell you, Kiki, you did this so well, you sold this so well, or for example, what the teachers told you, that filled you up like, but you are not the one who did the program or anything like that. You did the class. But the recognition. Legally, I did everything, what a bitch. No, but did you organize it? The courses of Poli's veranda, no. Everything that was our content, everything that we gave, I organized. Exactly. And when they told you like that, there you just started to feel valued. Now... Especially because Iván told me, wait, my presentations are the ones that those people liked the most. And my questions were the ones that those people liked the most. So Iván, there is your class. And of course, but you have to sit down and see, okay, for example, let's analyze what we did in cold. And everything they do, they have to evaluate. Yes, I mean, the idea is to have a meeting on Monday, and talk about everything, how the class was developed, what was the one that they liked the most, what they noticed, what structure is the one that we follow, and it served more, for example. Because suddenly there were classes, I mean, for me, the perfect structure of a virtual class. You start the class, more or less, getting to know the students with a questionnaire, with something like that, asking them what they know about the subject, etc. etc. A brief presentation, explaining more or less all the topics, and then you go to the practical. And you end up with a feedback form or something like that. For me, that's a great structure for a class. Iván, his perfect structure for a class is to share his screen and show everything while he says, trurup, and now we go here, and trurup. And he doesn't even show all the parts well, how he's doing, what he's writing, what he's pressing. That's very hemini, go here, go here, go here, go here. Well, okay, but... And that, for example, grab, write, analyze, that they also accept that what I say is true, that it's not just me saying it. We can see the recordings of all the classes, what class had more reactions, what class spoke more to people. So, if you know how the mind works... Remember that we talk about mental rhythm? So, if you know how the mind works, what happens here is that you're trying to validate yourself in front of him. And that's not the way. He doesn't have to tell you if you're worth it or not. You already know. You know what works. So, sometimes one repeats the patterns unconsciously. Validation, what does it sound like? Someone has to tell me how much I'm worth. Or someone has to show me so that I really feel that I'm worth it or that I'm doing something here. And the question is the other way around. Well, let's go there, as you know the tone, the rhythm. Now we're going to have an evaluation of what you've done. And we're going to sit down and evaluate. Because this has to continue without raising the tone of voice. Because we're going to build the next presentation on this. And we're not going to talk about it so that it's neutral. We're not going to do a competition of how much you, or how much I, or how. We're going to bring the feedbacks first. You have to go in the direction that it's impossible to refute. And that it's impossible to refute, not your opinion. Professional opinions. For something, the feedbacks were made to be able to analyze things later. Exactly. For something, the classes were made to be able to see things. Exactly. And that's what we're going to analyze now. And you, before showing it as if it were, you have to see it before taking notes. So that they won't be surprised. Exactly. Do you understand the strategy? So now, when they sit down to analyze, and you say, let's see this, this, this, and we're going to take notes. But you already took them. I don't know, if suddenly other things that I think, Iván, for example, the subject of the courses. He made a folder with 20,000 courses for the UPA, the UAA, so that the university doesn't even talk to us. Because he's already diva-go-eating, he's already doing everything. And I'm like, my God, Santa Maria, Santa Cachucha. But if the computer doesn't work, it doesn't work. And now I want to talk to him, and you know, all these courses that are here, suddenly there's one that has more material than another, we can see it going up structurally, publish it on our page, so our course page has content. Exactly. So people can see what courses we offer, the courses that we already have done. Well, then, you know how it is. There's also the issue, a course that's already done will have a different price than a personalized course that we have to do for IKIS Empresa. Well, then, that's where the roles have to be defined. I'm going to upload these courses, because they're going to sell this, and they're going to be like this. You make the decision and you upload the courses. This doesn't have structure, I don't upload. This lacks, this I don't upload. So that's why the roles have to be prescribed. Roles. It's roles. I'm recording everything, I'm going to pass the text, I'm going to analyze everything, this conversation. Well, as I was saying, your work is not going to be just work, you are defining your own identity, that's why it's so important this year for you. But emotions will be a little mixed with the goal, so you'll see a little, you have to be careful with the difficulty to rest. You're going to need to make a real structure for you to have rest, limited self-demand, because now you have the feeling that nothing is enough. Let's get it out a little bit. I want to be a pichi. No, this is a more expressive cat, I can't... She says, she's the one who wants to be pichi. You give her what you want. Well, then, let's move forward and finish this. One very important thing, in this life you're going to feel like you demand more than they demand you. So, weigh that. Don't give up everything in that sense. You suddenly felt adult, without a process, and it's like you say, now I can't have a partner because now I'm busy, right? It's the balance, balance, balance is going to be a little key. But it's a year where you're going to mature emotionally, a lot. I'm always enough for emotional marauding. But you're also going to learn to cut emotional dependence, what I'm telling you. Yes, that's very... I'm the most emotionally dependent. But emotional dependence, you're going from one person to another, because now your brother is very marked, you're emotionally depending on what he values or does not value what you do. And that's to build yourself from within, to say, by the end of the day, this is worth it. Because if Ivan can be the brain behind, but if that brain, if he can be the head, but if you are the neck, the head is not going to move if the neck does not order it. Do you understand? The neck is not going to move if the head... The head is not going to move if the neck does not order it. The neck is the one who holds the head. The head is not the brain. So, intensity, pressure, I'm not telling you anything new, because that's how you feel, that's going to be the climate all year. What climate of honey! No! It's a lie, because that turns you on. What do you say? There is also something very important, Kiki, that you already entered the game winning at least 1-0, because the scout gave you a lot of structure, he gave you discipline. So all that is what you are going to apply now, discipline, structure. I am like that with a lot of things, because I feel that in addition to everything that is going to be the effort in the work at the university now, being that in the scout they are going to throw me a project like this, to organize the winter camp and I get to be like this. And if you are going to do that, if you suspect that you are going to do that, now that you are a little more... That I put there now to see those things. Yes, that is, make the winter camp project and go there without it being the one that is important. Suddenly I feel that, because they told me that, and the person who told me that told me that that person was really expensive. And I think that there is the difference, that person made all his money, all his money, all his money, everything. And there, hello, five minutes ago. Look, when that person did EI, there was not all the... Last year. No, but there was not. But there was. But the person will not know how to do those things. No, there is like now, Kiki, how it changed from last year to today, I can not explain. Impressive. But there was already a course. But were not all the people involved in that? No, but in my case yes. In your head, yes, right? Look, there is one thing that you are too afraid to fail. Yes, failure. There is the sense of shame in people. It is something that you have to know that it is part of the way. You know that the other time I had to tell my mom when I was in high school, and I almost cried, and I told her that I do not want to go to that college, you know that... I said, mom, I do not want to fail. No, but you know what happens, it is not about that, small mistakes are the ones that teach you. Look at the scout, what things did they teach you more? Legally, they taught me more to listen, to shut up, to analyze. But based on failures? Yes, because it happened to me that suddenly because I talked too much I ended up in trouble. Or because I did not realize that I was the biggest person in that circle, that I had more responsibility. Failures. But they are not failures, I'm going to tell you. Failure does not mean bad, person, or does not mean mediocre. Failure is part of learning. A system, why do you have to test the system? Because it has failures. Any system has failures. So, failures are the ones that make the system better. So, not looking at failure as something terrible, but something that you will have to overcome and learn. But it is more terrible the feeling that you are going to fail, that you fail. Because it has not even happened yet. But this feeling is very strong this year, is having the fear of failing, the fear of uncontrolling yourself. And you are very competitive, so that's why the fear of failing is more terrible with you. Because of the competition. So, summarizing a little bit more. How do you summarize this year? The ascending of Scorpio means that Mars and Pluto are activated, which is going to be a year of intensity, power, transformation. But also, what happens, Kiki, when you are facing a race and there the goal and the prize is too big. Then the race becomes more interesting. So this year is going to be a super key year for you in your maturation, in everything. So, we are not going to go to the moon or we are not going to go to our moon? Not even that, what happens is that it is going to be more than the race to the moon, it is how I prepare to get to the moon. How I build my co-ed. Like the next year you will see all the fruits. Exactly, there it is. But what happens is that this year, if you don't build the building, you are not going to inaugurate it. You can't do the inauguration on the bare ground, right? The cement was not even made, not even the planes. You started to make the cement, now we are going to build a wall. Now we are going to build the second wall. When we get to the roof, we are going to see how the building is being built. It means that when you make your first contract, signed, written and paid, there you are going to have the roof of your building. There you can inaugurate it. It is the same structure. But what happens is that this year is going to be a super powerful year for you because it is the four tips. In astrology we have what is called the skeleton of the letter, which is a cross where the structure is, the vertebral column of the letter and the horizontal column, it is like the axes that keep our mandala. And your axis, the vertebral column, is super activated and with very powerful planets. So it is a year that I tell you to go to rest, go to prepare yourself. Well, I already know how my birthday is going to be. I don't want to see anyone sleeping. What you want is to prepare yourself for a race. It is like to prepare yourself, what it is, advance. If you know your birthday, how does your head work, advance and make a strategy. You know, everything that I read, I read the IAEA, I read it and I did everything I had to prepare for the year. Without raising your head, but what happens is that you do not fall into the same thing that you wanted to talk to the IAEA to organize you. The IAEA is going to be the one that has to work with you. No, of course, I'm going to have to understand the whole end, but it's like, well, now, for example, with the planet that I have, I need to know what topics I have to talk to Iván and Berdón, what topics I have to talk to them. And with all these things that you have to define, then what happens if all the things that are telling me that I was not thinking so deeply, all of a sudden you know more again that I for all the time and the years that you have to work in the professional area, that suddenly, well, I go and tell my IAEA, and my IAEA knows in what I am separating my book, for example, I separate between what would be dailys, weeklies, what would be current projects and who is in charge of what and how we are doing with all that. And the dailys, weeklies, for example, all week long you have to write what is the achievement, what are you going to do now, what are you going to do, what person, such a thing. Then there is also the whole issue of deadlines, meetings. And that you can take to a meeting and say, I am managing this, this, this, I am managing your time, you work, you produce, but at some point you will feel and there will be, so don't be afraid, that's why I'm telling you, don't be afraid, because there will be discussions, but the discussions don't have to reach, the blood doesn't have to reach the river. What does a good CEO do? He is the one who makes the discussions. I know you are going to come with that discussion, I remember once how my mother was going to be impressed with me, because once I wanted to get ahead in a meeting and my mother told me directly, Madam, you shut up for one year and listen, that way you will learn much more. I realized that I was talking nonsense, I was going to say it in the sense that I wanted to show my worth, I wanted to show that I wanted to contribute something more, but I came from the visit and I was entering the board of the company. So instead of wanting to show what I can do, strategically I shut up and listen. In your case, do you know what your brother is going to come to you with? Because he thinks that... Because I have 18 years of experience. And yes, on the one hand, but also because he believes that what they do is more valuable. But that... In my point of view, everything I am going to do is for her. Not only that, it is valuable his head that organizes, that tells him what he has to do. Perfectly, his head is valuable, but it does not work if it is not organized and if it does not come out. So your job is not to tell him, but to show what is really valuable about the company. That the company exists when it meets outside, when it begins to gain reputation, and when it has a structure and when people can say, and there is the company of you. So do not despair, here he will be talking to you and he will be telling you things that... Because he also knows how to press your buttons. He also has 18 years of experience with you, not only you. Do you understand? On both sides. So, as we were just talking, you tell him, let's analyze everything we did at the university. But I'm going to have this analyzed in advance. You have to be two steps ahead. But he is the excellent coach, Kiki. And I do prefer to learn from my brother than from an old green from some company. Exactly. So that is when he is touching your buttons. Oh, how he is teaching me. Oh, how he is teaching me. Exactly, you can say it in the tone you want, but he is teaching you. He is ahead of you. I did not think about that. Okay, the next one incorporated, the next one I advance. I already have this. Because you are also learning to be CEO. And as soon as it appears and all that, it will appear. He will be very passionate. It can be the environment where you are. Although you are not looking for romance, someone will come out. Look for more learning, intensity, but do not look for rings. No more. And do not look for... Love will appear. Love will appear. We are talking about passion, but love appears. It is when this person respects your processes too. And you respect the processes. And as I tell you, the real does not fall. What is real is sustained. It is that you have to sustain the relationship. Wait, it is my point of view. As I already saw how for a whole year I did not make a damn of my life for being with a badu laque. And I will not let that happen again. It is not that you did not make a damn of your life, that maybe that out of your head taught you. It was a year of learning. And yes, that was a lot of learning to learn to love me. But that does not take away that professionally and in my life I finished school, I finished those things. But they are things that I was going to do anyway. Exactly, that's why I tell you. And now, in this case, I feel that it is different. Because most people in my age are in college, their parents pay them everything and they are calm. They do not have to do anything else. And I do not know, in that sense, suddenly I do not understand myself anymore with the people in my school. With my classmates who were the most smart and more things. I do not understand myself anymore with them. And calm, but you know what happens? You do not live it as a duel, but as a process. Sometimes you are in another process, they are in another. It is that if, for me, it made me feel that many of them are not polite. And I sent them a link a week before the action so that they can sign up for the classes. Nobody noticed. But you know why too, Kiki? There is envy too. And I do not know, but they made me quite clear what they think and what they are going to contribute to my life. Exactly, then you say, ah, ok, next. And yes, next. But it was a shock. It was a shock because I legally expected them to leave, that they would be friends, that they would be there. That they would see the effort of others, I do not know, but no. No. You have to know that in this world there is envy. In this world there is selfishness. Do you think, look what I was going to contribute to all that. To them. Exactly. But he prevailed. She is doing that because I do not. Do you understand? I even sent them a message like that, that I sent them a link. Like, oh, today I gave my last class and none of you were there. What's up girl? I told you now. And they kind of simulated that, ah, you are going to teach us to program, you are going to teach us more and more. And that's like ... That is an answer. Do you think that that would not be enough to teach? And ok. Thank you, next. Exactly. You have to learn ... What happens is that life is teaching you, Kiki, that it is not the people who tell you how much you are worth. You are worth for what you are. You are worth for being you. It is not your brother, nor your friends, nor the people who have to give you the thumbs up. In any way. What happens is that this is going to be a year just ... It's something that was already cooking, but now it's like ... Now it goes into real life. Now it's like ... It becomes all real. It's nice to hear suddenly that they talk well of you. That ... how do you say? That they highlight positive things about you. But it's like ... If I don't know that I am like that ... It's going to be difficult. Exactly. What happens is that your PC is the one that looks for that validation. It is natural for PCs. And also in house 12. In house 12, let's say, it is the resolution. It is where everything is already learned. But you are going to realize now. You are going to realize. That suddenly the friends you believed were not friends. So the best is that because it means that you are not going to depend on that. I think I never went to start. After what happened the last time I ... Literally, that also left me with a little fear. Because now, for example, that I talk to Mila. I consider her a very good friend. But I'm afraid to call her my best friend and that everything goes to hell. But you also know that friendship happens ... It's like labels only in the end. Yes, but you know what also happens in friendship is also like love. What is real is held alone. It's not that you have to force yourself to be friends with someone. Or you don't have to ask for their friendship. And of course, they are things that in case they are not going to be done. Are they going to consolidate or not going to consolidate? Are they going to or not going to consolidate? The point is that you do not suffer because of that. Of course, in the knowledge precisely. Difference when they are not treating you as you do not deserve. They are treating you in a way that you do not deserve. Exactly. And the other is ... You spoke of something very important. Merit. The merit does not give you the other. I say that I deserve. Exactly. What happens is that everything is a construction for you. And as I tell you, as we talked at the beginning of the style. You are learning what is your style. What do you really like? What is it that you do not like? In friendship, in love, in work. Everything is in construction. It is like you are a work in progress at this moment. But no ... I know it is overwhelming. But it seems better to me that before you get out of a competition. You know that on the road there will be stones. That there will be this, that there will be the other. So from astrology what it tells you is strategy. Go ahead. Start thinking before all things. As for example we were talking about ... I think they are going to ask me to organize such a thing as the scout. Think about a scheme already. To make a scheme only at least when that moment comes. And they don't even give me there. They give it to another person and collaborate with them. You know that I was thinking that this could help you. Even in that plan. In the sense of Kiki that ... Prepare yourself to be very challenging in terms of your evaluation. And this work with your brother is ... I started to realize what kind of things, you know? Because suddenly I started to hear that in the brigade. For example, I went to the clan now. And they started to tell me that I was too clunky. That I was too clunky. That they could not speak to me well. Suddenly a lot of things started to come out when I left. And just what Mila told me is that ... Everything they think of you, you don't have to care. Because you are no longer there. And you just left because it was no longer your time. And obviously they are going to think all these things if you were still there when it was no longer your time. Exactly. They have to suck a egg and what they say now ... As a part of the clan you are going to show them that they are wrong. Without having to say absolutely anything. Do the same strategy in your work with your brother. Do you realize that you do not care? You have to build your own space. Because you there in that society that you have ... You are going to build your figure that does not exist. And look, on the computer there may be a thousand projects. But if they do not come out, it is not worth it. You have to be very clear about that so that you know how much your work is worth. So your work is going to be to advance. Always think in steps forward. Not that they are telling me what is happening now. The next. Next. Next. All the time. It will be a brutal exercise for you. And as I told you when we started talking, everything was in here. And now it just comes back in real life. But I think I'm not saying anything new. No, but it's all a joke. No Pavel 2026. No, my love. No Pavel 2026. But you know what happens? It's going to be one of the most significant years of your life. If you take it ... Because you are 19. At this moment this has to happen, Kiki. At what time will it happen? Many people put 25 and that. Why? Why do you want that day to happen when you are back? No, I'm not 25. No, you have to be there. Yes. And well, then schedule for that. But what happens when you arrive at 25 and you are done? You had to have gone through all this. Necessary. To be calm at 25, be the aunt purete. Yes, your brothers give you nephews. I already have two nephews. Basta and Zora. And they are going to do the vasectomy now. Vasectomy is not going to be done. Because that is also part of ... Do not forget what I told you, Gemini. Blah, blah, blah, blah. Until we get to the hour of truth. I think that's going to be the truth. If everything is in the EI, if he can not do the vasectomy in the EI, it will be difficult to do. That was to see a clinic near the house that was a million two hundred. To do the vasectomy. And just to fuck him up, just tell him, why do not you freeze a little of your brain? You want to be a father from here to ten years, right? No. It's that neither I, my God, nor Ivan as a dad is going to be worse than my dad. I mean, no, poor creature. Because you are going to be a poor creature. And you saw my mom when she hugged me. Enough. And that is the way ... that is the maximum for them. I am Dutch, what do you want? But it is confusing that it is like having a presently absent dad. I was not in my first period as a creature with fucking twelve years crying. It is like when they say, I did not understand what was happening to my body to my dad. Ah! I was more of a space! And I was like ... But hey, you had your mom anyway. For you, the spine of your letter, your mom is the most powerful. I mean, from your father, what appears as more powerful. I think that is one of the things that I am most grateful for having left the house, is that my relationship with mom is much better now than it was a long time ago. Of course, because they look different. And also including changes in relation to your brother. It will manifest itself, perhaps not in the best way, but it is something that will happen also within this year. I was seeing yesterday a photo, and it was a photo of a creature's and she was so innocent with her smile. She was like, you can not be so innocent and pretty like a big creature, mom. And it is in her process, my love. She is also in her process, it is respecting the process to each one, without ceasing to love the person. Because that is unconditional and it will continue. You just have to know that your love will always be unconditional, only that you have to respect her process. And she has a process, you have another process, you are in one thing and you are in another thing, but it does not mean that love ends. It is there, it is simply there. That will not go anywhere, it is an energy. It will not go anywhere. No, it is an energy that will be there forever, so it is simply respecting the process to the other person. And with this we finish the reading of the solar return and the moon progress of Kiryan for 2026. I hope I have helped you.

COMPARISON
----------
Preview Length: 77140 characters
Final Length: 83236 characters
Difference: 6096 characters
Preview Speed: 5865.64x realtime
Final Speed: 1.25x realtime

======================================================================
